No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I...
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen!
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say $1,500?
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! "It's almost as good as being there."
Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once.
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down-let's write it down!
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y'know I've always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win!
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Okay. But if you don't come back soon, there's pretty much nothing I can do about it!
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon?
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err...
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here.
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with...
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready...
Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place.
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here. "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Well, this was great. I'll give you a call. We should do it again sometime.
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this...
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me.
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh... There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured...
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to.
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please dont hate me.
Of course, I didn't get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna's such a big, dull dud!
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?!
What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.
So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.
Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Shhhhhhhhh!!! I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?
Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
All right, now look at her and tell me she doesnt look exactly like her sister.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Hello. It's Gandolf!!! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then.
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Oh, that's uh, that's pretty nice but I'm gonna go with the one I picked first.
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
Okay, I'll give them back. Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
I had too okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed.
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
It was terrible. I fought with my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy!
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there?
Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. Seriously, good luck marrying me.
OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Look, I'm sorry! But there's nothing I can do, I think I'm in love with her!
The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Okay, so I guess that's about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.
Because that's the only part of you he can see when he's on the table!
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
Hi! I'm back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, we'll do it then. Okay, bye-bye.
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
I don't know. I can't tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal.
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr. Peanut than Mr. Salty.
Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.
Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Y'know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
It can't happen like this. Okay? I'll meet you back at the hotel.
Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or...
Thanks, it's ah, Gaelic, for 'Thy turkey's done.' So ah, I'm gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee.
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. Oh hey! There you go. Okay.
Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
How did you guys find me? I knew I should've hid at the gym!
Would you put that back on?! Monica's gonna be here any minute!
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one.
No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Hi. Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
All right. I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things?
Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
So in your whole life, you've only been with one oh.
Well, I have kissed over four women. Do you wanna get under the covers?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Well, you're not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes...
Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
Richard! No one supposed to know about us! See I, did it again.
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it.
Ah-ha, you're not the boss of me. Yeah, you are! Ooh, saucy.
Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay?
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.
So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see?
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry.
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship...
Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.
Okay. Okay. What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
Thanks for trying. Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
Guys? I've got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.
Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he's wrong.
I didn't mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in...vegetables, Joey?
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!
Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. I got her machine.
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
All right, but you can't use that again for a whole year. I'm in.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses... Wah-pah!
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Oh, I don't know man. I haven't talked to her in like ten years.
Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee?
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Yeah, we're gonna have to get you out of those shoes.
See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
And those guys were this close to lettin' us play this time too.
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
Yes, but in Ross's case, they both know in two weeks that's it.
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! Ahhh!
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Oh, you do? Because she said you guys havent talked in like years.
That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, Huh? Huh? Huh?
Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Y'know I'm-I'm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it.
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Yeah, come on, it's Ross and Rachel, they've got too.
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. I've always wanted to know...
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party.
Sure, you guys don't have this problem, you're made of wood. Hey!
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
Hey, look at this! They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Come on! I was there! I know he's the love of your life.
I just get mad when Rachel doesn't remember where we're going.
I dunno what it is, it just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink.
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Why don't you use ours across the hall, 'cause she...has...problems.
Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
We're going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part.
Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
Okay. You won't believe what Monica's older brother just said to me!
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards...
Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
You can call off the roommate search! Hi! I'll be living here.
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
I'm gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just...
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
Believe me, I've been saying that for years. Oh my God!
Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?
All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?
OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Well, maybe I won't kiss you, and then you'll have to stay.
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Sure. And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way.
This is so bad. If-if you're not Mary-Angela, then-then who is?
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog!
I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. I've done it again.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Nope! Because I'm not your boyfriend. Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom.
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
No. We were in the middle of sex...and you fell asleep.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
Oh no-no-no, you-yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Well, you're welcome. And tell them we're really glad they're coming.
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Oh, yeah, sure, it's not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants!
Okay. I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna go find her and I'm just going to propose!
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Yeahhh. I'm tellin' ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
Well, does that mean that you're not going to wearing yours?
Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Oh, and Ive got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that's because I didn't send him an invitation.
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
I have to; he's my best friend, and you're seeing him.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
You're arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
Oh, so you're already doing your part for the kids.
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.
I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something.
Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
You know, once youre inside, you dont have to knock any more.
And you don't think taking care of our chick is work?
C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
I just don't see why those two can't work things out!
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.
So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Well, that is what happened, and I don't even see you denying this!
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.
Well, I'm so confused as to what we've been doing so far...
Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! Last night!
See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. Me.
So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Well that's good. Because you didn't! And I'm incredibly happy for ya!!
Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
It's okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica.
Absolutely! Y'know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine.
Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.
No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here.
Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
I wasn't doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now?
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid.
Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. I'm so glad you here.
All right. "My husband is sleeping with his secretary." She's married!
That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here.
Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people.
Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.
Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth.
Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
This is great! Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
Would you like me to write her a little poem as well?
Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep.
You'll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what's going on.
Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die.
Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Okay, for the last time. It's not named for each individual man.
Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.
No, I'm afraid I won't be able to make love as well as him.
Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
What? No, I want to watch this. . Did your cable go out?
Look, this isn't funny! You get back here right now!
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you?
Y'know what maybe it's gonna be okay, I mean it's been a week.
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Oh no problem, maybe I'll play with my left hand.
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.
Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at 8:00.
Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again?
Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....
Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.
Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go.
Oh my God that's it, that's the ring! How much is it?
Oh yeah! Okay, let's play again. What do you got?
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.
I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Hey! Oh, good, Ross! You're parents like me, right?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Yeah! Why don't you stick around. You can sit right there.
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Please tell me you know which one is our baby.
Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else.
Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Oh no thanks. I don't like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn't tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
Oh it's always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? Oh-ohhhh!
Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here?
I'm out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
So there is no good time to ask that question.
Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called Get Up.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
I don't know what it is, I just can't take a good picture.
Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.
When I was growing up I...played the one on the far left.
So-If you wear that you'll make mine less special.
Well, we used there's up last night making scary faces.
Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever...
It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign.
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
Are you sure you weren't looking at your hands in a mirror?
Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask!
It's not a big deal. It's, just it's right here, and it's all the time.
Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
I would but mine doesn't fit. The pants are a little tight.
Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
It's all very, very good. So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Go change! She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
He has sex, and we get hit in our heads.
Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
You know, it's... something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.
Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was
Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.
Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser?
Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
That's a good idea. I wonder where I could get a basket of porn...
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here?
Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here?
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.
Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Who walks into a room and asks to see a person's hands?!
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
So, we'll do the rest of the bills later then?
We don't have to come up with this now.
Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
Well, it's good that you finally have a place to do that.
Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita!
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
Why did you look at me when you said that?
Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's!!
Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Because you're the only one that can be fair.
Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Y'know what, I'm gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight.
She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend.
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. Hi, I'm Chandler.
Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
Yeah. Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.
See, maybe that's the one we should've actually hidden.
By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
Y'know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
There it is! So what're you gonna do?
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Oh-no, y'know with Gandolf we'd be out all night!
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen.
Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Okay. Okay. Yes honey, I made it myself. I can't do it. I can't do it. Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!!
Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week!
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
At least let me smoke it to the good part.
I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
He's being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack.
So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
No, just the months you actually want to live here.
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area.
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
I thought I broke Joey's chair! That's why I replaced it with mine!
I saw you checking me out during the game last night.
Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.
Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Oh well, we don't because we got...the...other pl-place.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.
All right, great, road trip baby! This okay with you?
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
The mean guys at the coffee house took my hat.
Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Pheebs, we're not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
It still wouldn't be clean. All I want is my freedom.
Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!
So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we're gonna destroy you.
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves.
We don't know what could make this go away.
OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day.
Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds!
Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here's what we do, we-we forget it happened.
Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Oh that's great, with my luck, that's gonna be him.
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.
I gotta check out this hot girl! There she is!
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Okay! So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Then why didn't you tell me to do that?!!
Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?
No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?
I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday's was just our thing man!
Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Why haven't you told them?! Wouldn't they be happy?!
Well if people don't know they shouldn't just guess!
You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car .
When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
Because I'm very happy for him! And you, you lucky dog!
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
I don't want him to tell this story for years.
Hmm, let's see if it comes up this time.
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights.
All this lying has been hard on us too.
You can say that because she's not your mom.
And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
You didn't bring me here to do that, did you?
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
Can I check out what she did to my room?
And I will cook anything you want in here , and do anything in there!
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.
Is that what you're thinking about right now?
You think we're ready for something like that?
So I guess it's just uh, you and me then.
Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.
Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It's too nice.
Y'know, I knew something like this was going to happen.
Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Oh that's so funny because we found someone too.
That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe's song about?
Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
You can be the best man when I get married.
Oh yeah! Yeah! Don't worry about me, I'll be fine!
You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
I'm sorry. If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?
Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
During this time...are you, are you still my best man?
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
That's a bad duck!!! How'd the thing go tonight, Ross?
Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Okay, will you just go help her change please!
So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.
Because if I go home, we're gonna become the Bings! I can't be the Bings!
I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off.
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it.
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Wait! Wait! We'd really love it if you could be there.
Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.
Oh no, now it's not gonna make any sense!
I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow..."
Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I'll be your boyfriend.
Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown...engines...on!
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud?
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so...
Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .
See ya. Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
No! Look, I don't cry! It's not a big deal! Okay?!
All right!! Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
Ah, well, maybe thats, ah, because youre getting a big raise.
Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! She's-she's gonna kill me.
And yet, she's still not hanging up the phone.
So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred...
Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
No! In his office! How many kisses were there?
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Wow that was my scariest voice! You're very brave.
No, I almost did, couldn't leave Ross there without a spotter!
Yeah, I'm not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
Oh really, I didn't know they had foosball in the 1800's.
I can't believe you don't know what I do for a living!
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! I don't live here!
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Maybe we shouldn't pay our phone bill-free phone sex.
Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever!
Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
See, I'm not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
It just doesn't...feel like we're breaking up.
Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
And I'll be using his dead body as a shield.
Well, I told you not to walk. Here. There. Okay.
I'll be a fool for you. I'm sure, you know I don't mind.
With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre?
That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
Why do they put so much steam in there?!
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before.
Hey, shut up!! You're not my real Mom!!
It's my game. You want the job or not?
I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
Wow! You are way to young to have seen that!
Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
Okay, now let's decide who has the nicest ass.
Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it.
Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.
Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Not that big a deal? There...there was touching of things.
Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
That's what you say at the end of a date.
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.
So, what do you thing the good news is?
So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.
Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem.
Well, I guess thats why they call it psychology, sir.
Yes I'm gonna put it back exactly where I found it.
Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.'
Easy for you to say; you'll be wearing a veil.
Well, let's see... Okay uh, is that her?
Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
OK, this one right here is from me.
Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been?
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
Yeah. You're right. Hey I-I can do that.
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
We think he was trying to spell out 'MONKEY.'
Okay, don't say anything, you might scare it away.
Okay, here you go. I have two queens, what do you have?
Or a job where you don't have to carry a table.
Okay we have to do something about your breath.
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.
That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together.
Okay I promise. I'll-I'll hate it. Wow! You-you look...hideous.
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Is this why they don't like me or why you don't like me?
You're coming on to the entire room! I'm Chandler.
Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Do you know which one you're gonna be?
All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on.
You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
It must take you forever to find your keys.
Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
Okay Ross, why don't you come with me?
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
Y'know what, we have to turn off the porn.
That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
See, that's why we don't let her play.
Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
So uh, what did this woman look like?
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
So, thanks for having me over! Rach. Pheebs.
Op, y'know what though, it's kind've a girlie briefcase.
Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
You are, you're gonna leave me like this?
Ok, you can not do this to me.
Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please?
Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
Maybe we'll have to listen and see!
Okay, so when do you want to go?
Well, you still havent taken down the Christmas lights.
Well Monica just told me that they don't.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Oh my God, how did you do that?
Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?
Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Oh, I'll go out and get you some.
No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?
Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.
Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom!
I would really love it if could do both.
How do you know so much about this?
Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...
Hey, look, what do you want from me?
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
People do stupid things when they're upset.
Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.
Is that Joey?! Let me talk to him!
I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken.
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Why can't I tell them that we live together?
No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Our kids are gonna be fat aren't they.
Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
All right, let's show them how it's done.
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Yeah all right, so we'll hang out.
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon!
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
You mean there's more than one of us.
Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time.
Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.
So she's just waiting over there for ya?
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
Does South Oregon have a sports-team? There you go.
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Yes I did, and I think you should do it.
Damn! The tailpipe's not hot enough to light this!
Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence...
Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.
How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you?
Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.
Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he'll understand this?
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I'm...
Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
It's not gonna be exactly like last time.
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
You wanna see if we still have it?
Yes! See you and I have always been like-
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
But we're not ready to tell yet!
Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?
Was his question what's more boring than him?
I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
But I do know that it's some time tomorrow.
We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor's Guild.
Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?
So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
I-I can't believe Jill's gone. I can't help it, I opened a gate.
Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Sorry. I'm sorry. Y'know what, we're just gonna throw it.
What did you do when they found out?
Y'know we already went over this and I won!
Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go!
Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. Are you okay?
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.
Uhh, you've had a lot of sex right?
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh...
Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!
My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
I can't talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
No you don't-get it in black, not brown.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
There is not one hair on that head.
You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
I'll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Do you happen to know what I'm going to say?
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Weirder than watching his two moms make out?
Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there.
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Oh it's uh, over there on the table.
I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!!
Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.
Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later.
Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
Oh right, your allergies. All her, she hates you.
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
So ah, isn't a bit cold out for shorts?
Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.
Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
This is terrible. What am I going to do?
I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Love what you've done with the place.
Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
Joey told me, he saw you two kissing.
I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Yeah okay. Well, what's the next little bit?
Here you go. Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Gap commercial. So did you book them? Did you call?
Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn't mean anything.
I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love.
Well, your kind of sitting in my seat.
All right, that's it, give me your underwear.
Don't worry honey, we'll make yours funnier.
Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously.
Oh it's Bing, sir. I'm sorry , I was just ah...
And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
I know it would make me happy, ma'am.
Monica! This is the Men's room! Isn't it?
How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Ahh, I think it just moved. It's really poking me.
Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Do we have to make the entire thing?
Hi! Hi! You're crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I...I am brave! No-no-no-no!! Can you tell me who is there please?
And no one touches the air around the TV!
No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.
Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?
Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
No, I'm not mocking you, or you beautiful guest room.
Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate.
You really think that is what he meant?
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper.
You are gonna be a huge star! I'm gonna hug ya!
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.
You have no trouble telling time now right?
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Look at us, we're a couple of couples!
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don't care!
No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! You wanna go shotgun?
Ok, good night. You big freak of nature.
I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Oh, so that's what this is for.
Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...
Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.
Hey ladies! What are you in here for?
Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
He's finally happy with that and walks away.
Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!
No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
That's it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
I think you played the Gunther card too soon.
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
So you kissed her, so what happened after that?
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?
We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
I'm up! I'm up, I've gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything?
Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Man, didn't she like just get here?
I am totally picturing you with all those women!
And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
You didn't think I used to wear glasses, right?
Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Wouldn't it be easier if we just moved?
No, the doctors say it may kill her.
Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
But are you sure you can do this?
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I'll do it.
Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!"
Oh, sure, they love us over there.
Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What's going on little elves?
Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.
So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure.
Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
Yeah all right. Okay, good night guys.
What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
He's not gonna make it, he's stuck in Chicago.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
Why can't we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
So you're really okay with this?
Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?
Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What's this?
So uh, what are you in for?
What are you guys? Like a gang or something?!
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.
I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids.
So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
You mean you didn't get it from this?
Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames.
Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?
Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
Well, how do you find clothes that fit?
So y'know, uh, when's he getting back?
Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
I want you to say that you like her!
Joey got meat sauce on the banister again!
All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.
Oh yeah? Well, how'd she take it?
I know, but just let me say it.
Or we can do the actual telephone thing.
Oh, yes, could I have one of those.
Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
No, no, you're right, it is a ridiculous name!
Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?
Well, it's official there are no good movies.
Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Well, this is just as boring in England.
Well she's, she's the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious.
Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
But you found the keys to his clothes?
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?
I like it in the stern. ...of the boat. Hello.
Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Oh, come on! I don't care! Come on! Whose is it?
I'm gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Oh, we could do this all day.
What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
So you really OK about all this?
You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
And now you're giving me the message!
Well let's....let's see what everybody thinks of that?
So what are you going to do?
I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.
Yeah that was stupid. Let's not do that.
Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut...
Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night?
Why did you take the shower curtain down?
All right, I'm off to see your dad.
Oh, don't say that! Don't say that. That's not true. Is it?
That's so funny, because I think I just did!
Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
The one time they're not home.
They have that on the napkins at the club.
What are you guys doing out here?
Our new fridge? I don't live here anymore.
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
I have the lung capacity of a two year old.
It is starting to get dark out there.
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
It is so good to see you!
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
That's awesome! That's great! What made you do it?!
Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that.
Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go.
Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&M.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
So, uh, how often can you do it?
Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
Umm, how's it going with you guys?
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
Hey, hey, those guys are takin our stuff!
You told him to play the boxer gay!!
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Nice job Joe! You're quite the craftsmen.
And the moment of joy is upon us.
Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
Well, it still has to go, right?
Well you don't have to sound so surprised.
That, that is funny. Can I have it back?
Guys are signing over their 401-K's to me?
Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
You just thought of that in there?
Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Okay! You don't think I thought of that?
Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
That's right my friend. It's time for...
What does it look like? I'm going home.
Hey! I'm sorry! That- where are you going?
You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
How long you been waitin' to say that?
Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!!
But if we win, we get your apartment.
Top of the world? Dock of the bay? I'm out.
Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Is he the one with the beautiful wife?
That's just a lot of big talk, y'know.
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Oh my God! Who's gonna watch that?!
No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
Hey man, how did the audition go?
Well, it sounds kinda stupid... Who's she?
Ohhh Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one.
Yes! You're never gonna make it!
Would you give me one minute!! Please.
Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
You have to really wanna see it.
Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
So you didn't mean any of that?!
Yes that would have made more sense.
Well then maybe you should take it.
Ok so, can I have my hat back?
Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.
That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
Well, that's not true, he-he smacked you once.
Oh, tell her good luck with that.
Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
They're in my bag over there.
Were you're parents happy, or something?
Yeah, I'm sorry man. You wanna go watch?
I just wanted to show Monica your book.
I don't believe they're brother and sister.
But, we'll stay here with you.
But, we'll stay here with you.
Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Course there, they just call it food.
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!
Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
And condoms are the way to do that?
Now you do that, you're on TV.
Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
How is that ever going to happen?!
Well, that makes me feel so good.
Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Oh, well give me the phone then.
No one was around to hear that?
I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
All right, but I should warn you, I'm not going. I'm going.
I'm still on London time, does that count?
I'm still on London time, does that count?
Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Okay, so you will meet our guys?
I got the time to get to know Julie.
All right, then massage me up right nice!
Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Maybe we should give them some privacy.
Why? Wh- wh- why is Mr. Douglas looking for me?
Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Okay, but if you can't...no dinner!
Where did you hear it from before?
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
So I really never get to win anymore?
I am proud of all my friends today.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
I can't figure out what to make Monica.
No, we'd just like to close them.
Those were like the best seats ever.
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Do you think you could get through a poem?
Actually, uh, we're both the father.
Actually he's the smallest person in the world.
Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
Yeah, just leave me alone for a while.
Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.
Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one?
Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel?
Now, it's not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago.
Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you...
Oooh that may be a New World's record
Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
When did I try to give you money?
Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
Oh, will you give me the thing.
Joey, can I talk to you for a second?
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
And now I've picked it up again.
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.
Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
So they're going on dates? When?
Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.
I can't believe she can out run you man!
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Okay, listen this really hurts. Let's go.
Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
Hey, buddy boy, how'd the audition go?
I can't believe you got us into trouble.
Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's?
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?
See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?
I've got five bucks says you can't.
To yourself. Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.
And is this in case the house sneezes?
What about all that "friends forever" stuff?
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Do you realize you get louder each week?
I love you. And I know about the baby.
Now I've upset you? What did I say?
Oh great, food with hair on it.
You hear that? We're the guys.
Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
How much did I love The King and I?
Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Come on, let me see that smile.
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Will you excuse me I have to um.....
Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.
How do you not fall down more?
Yes, we're standing out ground...apparently.
Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
Wait! You're going out with Kathy!
Yes because uh, you look so young.
You're not even giving them a chance!
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Listen, I'm really glad you got the part.
Oh man! I am so excited-I may vomit!
OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Well, you owe me one, big guy.
So what job did you get Joe?
We're not gonna lose to girls.
Be right there sweetums. A totally different situation.
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
No. He.....he's coming out of his shorts.
What's the second part of your plan?
Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs?
Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan!!
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Please tell me you got the message!
So, how many have you sold so far?
I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
Okay, but now see you're crying!
Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
So, you feel like goin' for a run?
Are you aware that you're still talking?
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
Then why-why is she going to a play?!
Making chocolate milk. Do you want some?
Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
Thanks, I'm glad you see it that way.
Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad.
Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying.
Where is she? I'm not scared of you!
No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
Could you get us a couple of beers?
Oh you got a wedding dress? That's great!
Alright, what have we learned so far?
I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
What about things that are already gold?
Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking.
Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer?
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
'Cause he was just so darn cute.
Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Next time you snore, I'm rolling ya over!
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
No, our guy is just a floating head.
You're watching a football game at a funeral?
I have to! Okay? It's time! Okay, I hate dogs.
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don't belong here."
All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this.
All right, call it in the air.
It's Paris, who knows we're here!
We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.
No, no no no. You'll be fine. Hillary's bind, right?
Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh...
Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
Okay, so he's out of here.
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
Oh yeah, it's beautiful country up there.
Batman has Robin! We get ESPN right?
That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
What a great apology! And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
Oh well, that makes it not terrible.
You're obviously not their favorite pet.
Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!
...Come on! Why are we here?!
"Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Skidmark's still got a way with the ladies.
Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever.
Stunning entertainment center. Fine, fine Italian craftsmanship.
You got waaaay too much free time.
Why would the baby creep me out?
I've had a very long, hard day.
I've had a very long, hard day.
Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe.
Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
So, are we going in there?
Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by.
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Thank you! All right, I gotta go unpack.
Thank you! All right, I gotta go unpack.
At least as long as I have the pants.
Yes, but I-I uh, don't have too.
I told you I should not wear this color.
But I think we should tell her.
Please, don't take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.
No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?
I can see why that's hard to resist.
'Cause it's-it's not his last name.
Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
That was there when I got here.
No, the little girl creeps me out.
Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
All right, maybe I should call her.
And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?
Thank you for that! I was not flirting.
Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Hell is filled with people like you.
Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
Why not?! I mean it's just, it's just climbing! It's just, it's just steep!
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Well that would help the pride thing.
No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
So, you still don't think I'm boyfriend material?
So you might say, it's a magic ring.
Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-
Well then why can't I see it?
Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
I think so. Yeah, get off me.
Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!!
No actually, I was just going for colorful.
I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
Why to save your dignity my man.
And you're okay with that?
It's the theme from Good Will Humping.
Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.
So, what're you gonna do?
Had the money in the wrong hand.
We've got to do something!
And that's the only colour that comes in.
Do either of you have the keys?
Why is there jelly on your shoe?
Well, I've got a girl in here.
Well, I've got a girl in here.
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
So what are you gonna do?
So, what are you gonna do?
How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Yeah, why not. So I told her.
I can't believe we're doing this.
Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
Oh, how well you know me...
Oh they didn't want to come!
It's not a real game! I made it up!
Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun.
He's the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?
Yeah, I've been there my friend.
Yeah, you're right about that.
I know, I still am one of these.
Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.
Yeah, I'm not sure I can do that.
Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Yes talk to her. Be a man.
Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?
They got a phone in there, right?
I can't believe it! We're here!
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
Sorry! I-I-I don't know what to say.
You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
Well, I have a call in about that.
You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
They're still just friends, right?
Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
You put your fist through the wall?
What do we use to split it?
What... did you get me there?
So, uh, wh-where ya from?
We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!
Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Yes, but for the last time.
Look, are you gonna be ok?
How long have we been home?
No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run!
Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Who are you going out with?
What we did last night was....
Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
Okay, what do you guys think?
Oh, do you not want to?
Now imagine you live at the supermarket.
You want me to wear your panties?
This is not going to work.
This is not going to work.
Guess who's back in show business.
Ooh, let me talk to him!
Hi, I'm Chandler. Your live-in boy
That's what they'll call us.
You're it! Now run and hide!
Okay, let's play my game now.
Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?
What did you guys just do?!
What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
Really?! That's what you heard? You said that?
Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
You got a Cheeto on your face man.
Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas.
We came over as soon as we saw.
Y'know I think you can take her.
If I broke up with you, I'd miss you.
... And where's this money coming from?
Again I must go back to, how?
Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do?
I'm sure you're right, but why?
What?! Why did you do that?
Do not speak ill of the dead.
What are you doing out there?
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
Her ankle is what you're watching?
Couldn't I just say, "This is Ross?"
Yeah let's head off to work.
I'd love it if you would do it.
No, we only went out once.
All right, I'll pick that one.
Yeah! All right! You go first.
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Can you people not see me?!
Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Janice is gonna go away now.
You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
Oh that's great! Good for you.
Hey guys, what are you doing?
Hey! What are you guys doing?
And thats the Chrysler Building right there.
That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
And, we're done with the yogurt.
Yes, every single one of them.
...it was like the Algonquin kids table.
So uh, which one is mine?
Oh, this is not that bad.
Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"
That's very funny. We done now?
Yeah, I'll take care of it.
Okay, well tonight's the big night.
Because the kids need new shoes.
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?'
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
I got something for her. It's a book!
Excellent! Y'know Ross met somebody too!
Well, I ended up telling her everything.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.
Just practicing. You're good. Carry on.
Turns out he is kinda funny.
Well, Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey.
Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery?
Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
It's gotta be the first one.
What in God's name is that?!
Bye. Are you still out there?
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Ok, well, this was very special.
Are you hugging the door right now.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
This is going in your book?
All right! Isn't this a woman's hat?
What've you been up to?
Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.
Give him money? It was a joke!
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
Well, she wasn't sleeping with him.
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
I don't know. Should we try it?
Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Depends on what you mean by we.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
What are you guys talking about?
So what was it for anyway?
Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Do you want me to call?
Not once did we do that.
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Have you ever been with a woman?
Is this because of the burrito thing?
What are you guys doing together?
Then free as a bird. What's up?
Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
You gotta let me slam the door!
We are. He's meeting us here.
No reason, except...she...told...me.
Of course it is. Wow-whoa!
Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
But you're still my friend?
But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
Hey, how's the first day goin'?
Uh, could you leave me one?
Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
You can't just call Monica's room.
Ya know, the man's got a point.
Oh, yeah, he's my... he's my best friend.
Y'know I think we should invite them.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Okay, so this time I won't quit!
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
All right buddy, way to go!
Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
We're very happy for you.
What the hell is going on?!
Fine, I'll give the suit back.
I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Would you please get some rest!
Dude, don't do that too me!
Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e...
You do know that Wham broke up?
Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?
I don't care, she slept with me.
Could we be more white trash?
What stupid thing did you do?
Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Do you know what just happened?
No, no, this is the first time.
Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Hey, my Father's house does that!
I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
So, you feel like a dad yet?
Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
That guy's going home with a note!
I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped!
Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
Look, I'm sorry. Okay? I'm weak, and pathetic, and sorry.
I did pay for half of it.
Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
There's no back to this couch!
Well sensitive is important, pick him.
Yes! Ross, you have to stay!
Well, you...don't look good Joe.
He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
So we both finished our vows.
You don't think I get up when you get up?
Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
See now it feels like Christmas!
The cushions are the essence of the chair!
I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...
Well, I'm, I'm sorry... Ahhh. Have we met?
I can't believe the guys missed this.
Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965.
So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
I wish I had smoked for my career...
Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
You did look like an idiot.
Who sold a story to Archie Comics?!
Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Hey, look at all the boxes!
Do you have any beers? We're out of beers.
So, Spock actually hugs his father?
Are you actually saying these words?
Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.
Eldad, sit down. Move over! Move over now!
Because it's flattering! Come on Monica! Come on Monica!
Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
I didn't know it was a big secret.
Me asking is kind of a sign.
So that's the girl you like.
Well, only if you order stuff.
Hey, what did your agent say?
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
007?! This is James Bond's tux?!
Well, so why not go knock?
You look beautiful. Is this new?
Dying people say the craziest things.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Y'know that wasn't part of it?
Oh, what the hell is that?
For an emergency just like this.
Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.
Uh, if you say so sir.
Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.
When did that happen to you?!
All right! Bring it on, you...
Okay. Joey, trade lives with me!
Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Well, actually just one birthday flan.
Are you kidding? Okay, I'll give you a hint; I'll give you a hint.
Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
Hey! Which one's my turkey burger?
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Nothing, I just like to go like this.
That's how radio stars escape stalkers.
We are switching back, right now!
Why don't you open with a joke?
This is the New York Times.
Can you figure out what I'm doing?
Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Well you did pull his hair.
No, I wasn't gonna ask you that, no.
And I think Ross is generous too.
I stole Monica's and changed the name.
We're notwe're not saying anything.
Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!
No, because you're not a grandmother!
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?
Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
No, no, you don't have to see.
It means we're holding hands.
Ross came in forth and cried!
Oh, that was my work laugh.
Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Oh, you get used to it.
If it helps, I could slide over.
What is the matter with you ?!?
What is the matter with you?
Maybe that's because soy-burgers suck!
Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
I can't believe she cracked your code!
Yes indeedy! With a beautiful view of...
Joey! No way. I'm not answering that.
Yeah, we really missed you guys.
Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie?
OK, so now we draw cards.
Basically we just feel that he's...
What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.
No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Is this a service you're providing me?
Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time!
The young hot ball and chain.
Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?
Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.
Might wanna open with the snowman.
Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Lets not do that any more.
Did you not understand the story?
Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
You're naked in this picture!
It's like this, me, no jokes.
It's kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing.
Okay, the old hug and roll.
Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
Yes, it is, at Office Max.
I was not and oh God, shh!
We have to assign heads to something.
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Okay, here is the phone bill.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
Joey, why is your cable out?
Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
It is the softest hair! Touch it!
Helen drinks. Will you marry me?
Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Was it like a sneeze only better?
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
I didn't know you had another level.
Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
Yes, include more people in this.
...And then he burst into flames.
Eh. I thought that was an alp.
You can't leave! I have your shoe!
He's really picky about his patients.
Oh the phone! The phone's making sounds! Hello!
All right! I found one that fits!
Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
See, I told you they don't swim.
Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!
Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!
Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
It's a big company, I don't-if you-I...
We should always always break up together.
No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..
Yes, you can pass for 19.
It's Thursday! How was the audition?!
Aren't you just a tinsy bit curious?
Well, what did the police say?
We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Pudo aver sido General Tso!
So, uh, how was he?
Okay. My word! Those are snug.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Okay. I'll be right there.
All right I'll have one.
Yeah, I'll go get one.
Okay, I'm not gonna have one.
And monkeys can't write out prescriptions.
What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
But we don't do that.
Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?
She's not gonna say no.
Okay, one thing at a time.
Do you have my credit card?
Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
I think it's the dying cat parade.
Ahhhh, you're not Mary-Angela.
Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
Uh why, do you have a lecture?
She's one of us now.
Yeah, we are so sorry.
Well where did she go?
All right, let me in.
Our guy has great hair.
Well, we are great guys.
Then I got all needy and clingy.
You, you are gonna love this.
That's Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
Okay uh, here's the electric bill.
Can I just say one thing?
I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
You are so great! I love you!
You are so great! I love you!
Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
Well, I, I should go in there.
I'll take her back tomorrow.
I'd carry you around in my pocket.
More coffee over here, please!
Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Look, maybe we should go?
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Well, we don't want that.
What is going on here?
Well, I did not know that.
Hey, that was really good!
Yeah, didn't he tell ya?
Ahhhh-I'm not going to call you.
Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
And that's how you bought it?
Yeah, and I don't have any cologne.
So it did go well.
Oh, great. This is just...
Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
Kinda. They're really big.
I say we go with Careless Whisper.
Oh! Worm medicine for the duck.
Wait, we can't do this.
Come on Monica, it's our Valentine's Day. Please? Please-please, please?
I hope she throws up on you.
Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring?
God!! What am I gonna do?!
All right! Let's do it!
Like, when you're cooking a steak.
No, I ah, I didn't do them.
You mean like for award shows?
Hey, big guy, game time.
Something else I might have said?
Wow! Look at them run.
More so than anything else.
But we don't know the neighbors.
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Who said anything about Christmas?
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Why wouldn't they be happy?
He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
Mom. Thanks for wearing something.
Was the setting of Phoebe's triumph.
What am I gonna do, huh?
Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
She's just doing her job!
Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
Do you know what I was thinkin'?
Don't play with his things.
Yeah you can do it.
Wow! She looks great. Doesn't she?
Oh, is that against the rules?
Yeah, all right, I'll play.
Okay, on three. One....Two....
Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Well this one's for you.
Alright. Yes, this is Rachel.
OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
I'll be right with you.
So, what do you think?
So, what do you think?
What time is it now?
Look out kids, he's coming!
Wow! Just like in the pros.
It doesn't say that. Does it?
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Oh, good, Joey's home now.
Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves.
It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Oh, okay. Here you go.
Well there you have it!
Work people? Nobody told me.
I'm not getting into this again!
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
We can talk about that.
Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
Well, Joey's my best friend.
What did you just do?
What did you just do?
C'mon, we're roommates! My eyes!! My eyes!!
Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
But we should take it.
Wow that's actually pretty cool.
OK, let's do it. What?
So what does this mean?
So what does this mean?
What is it doing here?
That's what you got me?
Hey. Hold on a second. Huh?
You know...Oh My God.
Well, this is much better.
So, I guess this is over.
I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
Yes that was a nice place!
I can't believe we live here!
Okay, bye! Oh my God!!
My friend's name is Joey.
Why can't you tell her?
No, really you're gonna freeze.
You guys ready fore the movies?
You dove in front of Ross! Ross!
Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
So are we...friends again?
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
Excuse me. How ya doin'?
No, no he went for a walk.
Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
I thought your time ran out.
I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
You still can't stand her can you?
He's taking off her coat!
Hey Mon, how's it going?
Way to be cool, man.
Okay, I gotta go to work.
Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!
Because that would be crazy?
I, I'm sorry, I uh I already have a roommate.
I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Could you want her more?
So how are you doing?
Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.
I'm gonna put on some music.
You have to pick your moments.
Alright, now try taking a puff.
Should I tell her I ordered tea?
Why are you screaming and hugging?
Why? What happened to him?
Oh, well thank you in advance.
But, I never left the room!
But then later that night...
I think I do! Thank you, Monica.
We were playing poker, alright...
And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Why is your family Ross?!
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
Ok, you can have it.
Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Shhh, busy beaming with pride.
Your work makes me sad.
Alright, so what's it about?
Hey, y'know what? I was wrong.
Put Joey on the phone.
I know, this is a great apartment.
I can't believe you did this.
Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
How could it not matter?!
Why is that so funny?
Okay, excuse me for a minute.
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Ok, they're coming, shhh.
All right, I'm nine years old.
You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
What are you guys doing?
Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
I can check that for ya.
I used to have that bumper sticker.
Let me try it on!
Whoa! Don't know about that.
No-no, not something stupid, something huge.
Well it's not flexed right now!
Well she, she wouldn't do that, she's with, she's with me.
Would you come on! Come on! Thank you.
We don't need to remedy that.
Do I still call you Ross?
Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem.
Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Okay. But it is officially nighttime.
Hey-hey, hey! I don't know why I did that!
The key's stuck in the lock.
No. How are ya Paul?
Huh-huh! You can't give her that.
Ok, this could be tough.
I'm not your garbage man. I'm your mailman.
Well, where's the logic in that?!
Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
Multiple, so many paper cuts.
Eh, somebody's in a good mood!
It's me. I'm the other guy.
Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?
So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
Can I sleep on your couch?
A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Well, either that or uh...
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
There's another carton right over there.
Oh come on you big faker!
Why haven't you told them?!
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
And last but not least.
Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Well, we could count again.
Your boyfriend is so cool.
Last time I do that, I promise.
There's a Phoebe on my sandwich!
Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
What's an identical hand twin?
Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Well maybe he was nervous.
Ehh, you're just liquored up.
Yeah, let's just forget it.
Step away from the duck.
I think I should get the chair!
You guys wanna eat here?
No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Ah, sure, Nina. Whats up?
Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!! Huh.
Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong.
Oh yeah, that looks good.
That was like 5 years ago.
I'll give up my ticket.
Huh! Where is the dog?!
Don't worry about it Pheebs.
Do we pay for this?
Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
I can't believe you came back.
Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Okay, good luck with that.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
That's what you should say.
God that is good TV.
Yeah, it is the best.
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Who jumps at loud noises!
You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
Now this feels like Thanksgiving.
Hey! How'd the audition go?
Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?
Actually Monica and I are engaged.
The reason he just said.
Wow, he looks so normal.
Bye. I can't stand the woman!
Oh, are we playing this?!
Okaaay, rock, hard place, me.
Yes have you seen any?
You didn't just break up.
Phoebe Buffay In Buffay The Vampire Layer.
I don't know. But I-I-I know I love you!
Your sister Joan is crazy.
And then Joey remembered something.
Sounds like a date to me.
Mrs. Braverman must be out.
There are seven?! That's one?
Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Tonight, on a very special Blossom.
What are you doing tonight?
So whaddya got there Monica?
Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
No, he's right, I'm totally lying.
The food there was, was great.
Is that your new walk?
OK. Brake left, gas right?
Treeger's snaking the shower drain.
I'm not breaking up with her!
Yeah, check out the ring.
We have free porn here!!!
Alright, we're gettin' closer.
Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
Youre not gonna lose him.
Not if I kiss you first.
Not if I kiss you first.
Oh-oh, what are you doing?
You gotta do it, man.
Well, you-you know what I meant.
Listen, I gotta talk to you.
It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
I'm going to the bathroom now.
Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
Okay, I promise, I'll end it.
Wherever! I've got like 20!
You know, I think I might just.
Stop talkin' to your men.
I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
With Roger? Not just with Roger?! Oh my God!
No, you're the best.
No, you're the best.
Oh no-no, I can't do that.
Believe me, sometimes that happens.
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
What?! I'm Chandler! Oh, that's Richard!
Boys? We're going in.
98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
Love your condoms my man.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Well this is just sad!
I'm talking about you. You big, big freak.
This took you all day?!
I'll catch you guys later.
Hi! Nice to meet you!
Oh totally! Pull my finger.
You don't like that show?
How about those three pointers?
You don't even have a car!
And I just want a million dollars!
And I just want a million dollars!
Just a little bit of sugar.
I see where you're goin'!
That was pretty intense huh?
Okay. I wanna quit the gym.
I'm not gonna mess it up.
Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
Joey was in a porno movie.
Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Well I like both eggs equally.
We have heard you play.
Really? Right across the street?
You totally screwed him over.
Tickets please! That's courtside baby!
Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
I can't seem to say goodbye.
Well, thank you for lunch.
There we go little fella.
Oh, this is soo bad.
Joey, I saw you push him!
Oh, okay. Send her in.
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
More importantly, was I any good?
Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Gary, I'm here to report a crime.
Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.
Can I give you a present now?
Well, those were seals, man.
No you know I don't mind.
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
So, basically just a Chinese guy.
But those are the words! Those exact words!
Staying out of the way.
What if Joey were president?
Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Joey you broke my chair!!
Stay out of my freezer!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting.
...And what did you bring?
...And what did you bring?
Dude that is so sad.
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Ooh, you almost had it.
Mr. D, hows it going, sir?
Oh, seriously you want him?
Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster...
Let me see the earrings.
What about the time difference?
He just said, "No strippers."
Yeah, but I bet it works.
He's coming into the audience. He's coming into the audience.
Okay, anything for you sir?
What, what are you laughing at?
Hi, Nina. Come on in.
I'm so sorry you're sick.
Who the hell is Carl?!
You got it. You got Nevada twice.
Hey! How'd the interview go?
You're turning into a women.
To Put the Camera Away!!!
I thought it was $98.50.
She's shhing me! It's my phone and she's shhing me!
You're building a post office?
Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
Eddie, do you remember yesterday?
Oh yeah, there-there she is!
No, did he hug you?!
Oh you knew that. Good!
I do NOT want this unit!!
Quick! What time is it?!
Could there be more Kims?
Okay, then get the lobster!
I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
And twenty-five it is.
That's funny, I saw no phlegm.
The man is showing brain.
Well, I'm going to kill you.
Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
And the bunny got away.
And protected them from a tornado?
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
How do you figure that?
I'm gonna grab you some tissue.
Yeah, well, lucky for you.
Oh my God, introduce us!
You're a little high maintenance.
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
We're flipping Monica's mattress.
You wanna hug it out?
You're in my seat.
Yes, yes, we had the sex.
To pay for the gym.
Okay... ..whose turn is it?
You built a fort didn't ya?
Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
We're worried about you.
Hey, this is so unfair!
Well the duck can swim.
Should we call the spitter?
They put you in jail?
Man, she is really gullible.
Well where... Where did she go?
Okay, we owe you a present.
I think somebody has a crush on somebody.
Well, did-did you correct him?
Oh, so you're divorced?
Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie?
And the Knicks rule all.
So uhh, how's the palace?
Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
...and then it got canceled.
I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net...
We can't do this.
Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8.
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
You mean they like you.
I know, I can do this.
And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Oh, the tears are real.
Okay, here we go.
See? Here we go.
Oh, good. Rog is here.
Yeah, I'm not in that.
I'm over here big guy.
Well, what is it?
Oh-no, he's right.
Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
Oh, I think I have the cash.
Do we have to?
Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Can I uh see something?
Happy Anniversary, 10 months!
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
He thought you said gonad.
Could I be more sorry.
You know, you think I would.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
That's what I did. Wah-pah!
Hi, how are ya?
Pretty good! I told her.
Well yeah, but then...
Come on, tell me.
I-I think we have too.
Who are those people?
Who are those people?
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Uh, what was that?
Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.
No, there were two.
She has a real name.
7:15. Watch doesn't work.
Hey, is Rachel here?
Yeah, I think it is!
Okay, one more time.
: I thought we had them!
Die Hard still great!
And then he did.
Hey! How'd it go?
All right. Very good.
Takin' that with you, huh?
What is with him?
Oh yeah! With who?
Might wanna try Joseph.
Oh, you must stop shooping.
So I got ya something.
Okay, I'll do it!
So how'd it go?
So how'd it go?
Oh no-no-no. This is amazing.
Yes, we were just...
Ah, there we go.
What is going on?
Oh my good God.
Oh my good God.
That's me! Come on!
You're definitely scaring here.
Here just...take this.
Okay to come in?
Oh, okay, time's up!
They'll never understand!
You slept with the stripper?
Well, not at first.
I think they get it.
I can't believe she's married.
I don't want to look.
And that doesn't scare you?
Hello! One marriage please!
Hi! How'd it go?
Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.
He took my joke, he took it.
Phoebe knows about us!
Phoebe knows about us!
Well it's not Sean Penn.
Mon, get out here!
Nice work my friend.
Sounds like a fun party.
They don't have those.
How's your room Rach?
Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
He started mine first!
I can't remember which sister.
Wow umm, calm down.
Then, I don't get it.
Nancy Thompson's getting fired!
So what'd you do?
Weird world. Your kids?
Hey, man. What's up?
Hey man, what's up?
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Can I be that guy?
Man, I gotta get a kid.
Well, what'd you do?
I don't want to say.
No, that was Dana Caplin.
Oh, well, that's great!
Let them win one.
That's not specific to girls.
Oh yeah? That's great!
You're right, I know.
It's exactly like it sounds.
Our guy smells incredible.
Batman has a utility belt!
He's at a dinner party.
Oh yeah man. Joey.
ahem... um... Crystal duck.
You're shooting with Althea?!
Hey, Rach, can I get...
Couldn't be more out.
Too bad, she's leaving.
No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
Are you all right?!
Are you all right?
Alright, let's do this.
You don't have it.
We are bad people.
Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
Because we hate them.
You're okay there?
Ohh, that's a good one.
Stupid, useless Canadian money!
Well, you're gonna.
Umm, this is nice.
Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Why would I be mad?
What does she do?
Althea?! What are you doing?!
And was the curse lifted?
Phoebe is, making people.
We'll watch him.
Our next cocktail party?
I'll talk to them!
How do you know that? How?
Well, there you go.
Well there you go.
Well, there you go.
That's still in there?!
Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
And to you too, Helen.
Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go..
How do you know?!
That's a good call. Right.
No-no-no-no, this is bad! It's bad! This is bad!
...Take off their hats!
Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
And your friend Phoebe?
Y'know what would work?
So, this isn't over?
Can we start over?
You are really frightening me.
What is the thing?
Isn't she cute? No!
It still doesn't work.
Ah, finally an explanation.
Yeah, I'll sit down.
Oh that is over!
Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle.
Really?! You do that?
I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
Take off your shirt!
God, I love these fingers...
What we want honey.
Can I use your phone?
And you're our age. You're our age.
I broke up with her.
Fine, let's do it.
OK, Phoebs, your turn.
You'll get one.
You'll get one.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
Paid your phone bill?
Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer.
What do you mean?
No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing!
What about that circled one?
Well, like father, like son.
Then don't leave me!
What did you do?
I do not hate Ross!
Sure, everybody loves a kidder.
Do you know why?
Oh my God! Play!
Hi! How are you?
I paid for those tickets!
Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
You really like it?
That's what Monica said.
And a date with a man!
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
It's up to you.
How did you...know?
Run, Joey! Run for your life!
So, you don't think I'm terminal?
Well, I guess that's something.
Okay. What was tonight?
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
So-You got in voluntarily?!
So--You got in voluntarily?!
Hey, there he is! There he is!
Y'know what, pretty good.
Is anybody else scared?
So- you can tell?
Let's have Monica decide.
Y'know what? I-I kinda have.
Isn't that Ross's money?
You see what I mean.
No! Her boyfriend Richard!
'Cause I was sitting there.
Did she freak out?
Oh nothing, we're just talking. Y'know, blah-blah-blah.
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
No! No! No! No--one can beat me.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
And this- is my reward!
Borrow money from me?
Mr. and Mrs. Bing!
Oh, good job Joe.
Isn't Ben in this?
I'm a little busy here Paul.
Your last roommate's kidney?
You okay over there?
But I love swing music!
What does it say?!
What's up with the simian?
Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Well believe it baby!
I mean, I was sitting there.
Hey-hey, is Monica here?
Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
You okay there man?
You can tell us.
You said no right?
You said no right?!
Oh that's too bad.
No. No. I don't think so.
Work on your music?
Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.
You've got it.
Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
I'm gettin' my chair back!
Yes that was mine.
Yeah! You wanna come?
The one that doesn't.
No! You're the sweetest!
Nope, not under here!
Nope, not under here!
She said she'd call me.
Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
I'm afraid I might just be.
There are snow cones! Snow cones! Yuck!
Where have you been?
I can't smell your sandwich?
What are you doing?
What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Hey, where you been?
What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong.
Oh, you're-you're going?
Oh, you're-you're going?
You want some help.
Does anybody know me?!
Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
In a foreign, romantic country...
In a foreign, romantic country...
Tell it again. Seriously.
All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out.
Okay, that's enough honey!
I love you so much.
I found a dried up seashores.
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!
Man, I am so beat.
Lose the other guys.
Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.
Okay, who wore those?
I made that joke up.
Is that a real thing?
The man's got a point.
The man's got a point.
Oh, y'know, y'know what Pheebs?
Hey Joe what's up?
Oh! Oh! That's so hard.
Can I finish my story?!
Now, there's two reasons.
We're in a relationship?
What gave me away?
: What do you need, what do you need?
Okay, keep saying it!
Nope, not this time.
We still have porn.
Okay, you are new!
Y'know, whipped! Wah-pah!
Check out the ring.
Are we in London?
They got a breakfast buffet.
So ah, whatcha watching?
In the game room!
Noo! Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
Could've been a peach.
Oh, right, right, shut up.
I-never borrowed your Walkman.
When'd you meet her?
Where's my seat belt?
There you go! There you are!
No, actually Laurie's a boy.
No not Candy Lady.
Lick away my man.
Pete Becker. Pete... Is this him?
Phoebs, play with meeee.
Yes, this, this was pleasant.
We already knew that!
I wanna quit the gym.
I wanna quit the gym.
I wanna quit the gym.
It's an old key!
Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Fears and Pet Peeves.
To the left, to the left- aww!
She was not good. Not good.
She was not good. Not good.
I can't believe I ruined this.
Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?
Okay, that hurt us.
I don't know, I'm very tired.
Hey, he's not crying.
THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
What? What can't you do?
You're not a dad. You're not a dad.
I wanna quit the bank!
It happened in London.
It happened in London.
See you later Mon.
Hmmm, that's very cool.
It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
Yeah, like in a cab...
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
What's the matter honey?
Oh, man. I'm sorry, I'm so-so sorry.
Kick save and... denied.
What are you talking...
That new mountain bike?
Um-mm, yeah right!
Forget it, that's off.
Forget it, that's off.
I don't sound like that.
Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
Monica and I are engaged.
Dude! That's my girlfriend!
Have you seen Joey?
Two hours, that lasted!
Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!! I love you, Monica.
Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!! I love you, Monica.
Stick to your side!
Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Oh that's not true.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Not even on page 7?
Guys guys, check this out.
I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
You have done enough!
So, we gettin' a fish?
We actually missed it.
So, is Janine around?
Oh, this is horrible, it's just horrible.
Because it's too delicious.
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
I think you smell great!
Well, I feel like a snack!
Hey! How's the boat?!
I've got canned goods.
What's wrong with you?
Did you hear that?
You had to ask.
How is that worse?!
How is that worse?!
This is not a sign!
It's okay, I got a plan.
He took my essence!
See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
Don't read my condoms!
But you found me!
Oh, what's the matter?
Plus, you look cool.
All right, rock on.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
First of the month.
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
You knew about this?
Oh no-no-no, I'm, I'm paddling away!
Can you hear that?
I don't like your massages.
Is there a puppy here?
Hi, Paul, is it?
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice.
Well that's a full cup!
And Milton Berle has a...
...little playthings with yarn?
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
I got it! Scotch... tape.
Aw, don't do that
Oh okay, I'll-I'll try.
Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Whoa, snowing out there?
It was the ring!
You're kidding right?
It's not charity, Joe...
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Hey, I've been honing!
Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!
Will you marry me?
How drunk are you?
How are you feeling?
Batman has the Batmobile!
That's not a state Joe.
No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
You're kidding, no!
Sure. Ummm. What's up?
Hey-hey are you drunk?
The British are coming?
Aww, I love you so...
It doesn't scare me!
It's not all juice!
We can't accept this.
You left a shoe here?!
It's happened to you?
You mean like, music?
Beam me up Jesus.
Oh, what's at 8:00?
Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
That was pretty 007.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You broke Joey's chair?
Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
I was shrieking... like a Marine.
No! No! No! I was so careful!
How about Joey... Pepponi?
Me! On my computer.
Your liking it, huh?
Oh, I don't know, a million?
You're our age!
Okay, okay, you got it!
What's in the bag?
No freakshow, she's fictional.
Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.'
Actually, I don't like martinis.
It was a car backfire!
Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Unfortunately that is correct.
Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
I'll cancel the sodas.
How do you do that?
My lighter's in there!
What about the birds?
Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.
I-kea! This is comfortable.
And we're changing.
I don't know... um, Grease?
Clunkers?! Oh my god!
You burn your mouth?
That's the perfect amount!
To my best bud. Thanks best bud.
It's throwing and catching!
Yeah, that's kinda a relief.
Oh, what a crappy night!
Oh-ho-ho, I don't think so!
You mean a three pointer?
So, you busy Thursday?
...in you, my endless love. My endless love.
You wanna share it?
Without my toe?! I need my toe!
Oh, the mixed tape.
You mean with Casey.
It's the Miracle Wax.
Did you see Betty?
Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
That was so lame.
What are you writing?
Oh, they're a hoot.
Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Well it's very unsettling.
We're the Bings.
Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?
I don't know. It's a bracelet.
Hey, you feelin' better?
I'm not arguing with that.
You got your passport?
Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
Uh, yes, yes it is.
Um, is it sugarless?
Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?
All right, bye-bye now!
What are the odds? What are the odds?
Sydney Portier? Hehheh.
Hey, all right!
Totally crazy stupid.
Yeah we do!
Then...who did?
Okay. All right.
Okay. All right.
GET OUT NOW!!
Well, can I just...
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, all right.
Happy New Year!
I am sorry, Ross.
Right in there!
Where ya going?
Yeah, I know but...
Yeah, get out!
Oh, no I don't.
Excellent hole, Joe.
It was my racquet.
Yes he did.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh-I don't know.
Here we go.
Here we go, here we go.
Here we go! Here we go!
There we go!
WHAT IS IT?!
What is it?
What is it?
Yeah. I really do.
We don't, really.
Cool, girl roommate.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
There he is!
Oh, all right.
Oh all right.
Really? Okay, so...
Well is she...
Bye! Thank God
Uhh, no-no thanks.
Yeah, I-I-I think so. Yeah, I-I think so...
I didn't think I was!
Monica said wedding.
So, that's it?
Look at this!
Come on in.
Okay. Good one.
Am I naked again?!
Toootal chick-flick.
She is now.
No, I got him.
Hey, it's me.
Oh, I can't go.
Stop making candy!
Hi, honey! I'm home!
Glass, sand, whatever.
Really? Okay. Great!
Great! Okay, here.
Did she call?
I can't do that.
They do me?
Is it on?
That's right! I'm not!
Hiya doin' pumpkin?
What-what Richard thing?
Don't do it.
What was that?
Welcome home man.
Where are they? Where are they?
What-what 'cha doin'?
Well, I'm there too!
Hey! What's up?
So, let's go.
No they didn't!
No! No! No! I can't do that!
Why am I looking?
Yep, pretty much.
Yes. Right where?
No he didn't.
Happy birthday, pal!
I do like that.
Which smells delicious!
When we were?
I also said, "Yes!"
Hello, Joanna......'s office.
What is up?
Santa pants. Santa Claus's pants.
I will have one.
Why her mom?
Happy birthday! I'm sorry.
Rachel lost Marcel.
Sure, why not?
Yes, he is!
Oh come on!!
Well, I have some.
Almost over man.
Hello, Chandler Bing.
I'm still right here!
One more game?
Here it is! Here it is!
There it is.
He's got nothing!
Whoa, she's pretty.
Whoa, she's pretty.
Aww, thanks man.
Yeah, I'm sorry man.
I know about Monica.
No we didn't!
No we didn't!
Oh uh, when?
Okay, one...two...
What about him?
Know what I mean?
Oh, hey guys!
Joey, no means no!
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh, my, god!
Oh my God!
Oh my... God?
Oh my God!
Oh my God! Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
OH MY GOD!!!
Oh my God!!
Oh my God!
Oh my god!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
You know it?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's it about?
Ahh, third base.
Yeah, that's her.
Yeah me too.
Where's Mary-Angela?
Well, it is overdue.
Oh uh, o, OK.
Actually, me too.
Come on, Rach.
Its Phoebe! Hi!
But it's Ross.
Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
Not so much!
Always illegal Joe.
Hello! Little ones.
In a bad way?
Okay. Oh yes.
That was Joey!
An old cookie?
Tell me what?
Because, I'm too afraid.
What are you supporting?
No-no-no-no, we're done.
Monica's a little drunk.
No, I'm alright, thanks.
I can't believe this.
For three years?
As crazy as soccer?
Okay, I'll stop.
Pheebs! Always a pleasure.
Oh, that's Ross's.
Oh, that's Ross's.
Happy plane-aversary.
That's perfect! That's brilliant!
Hey it's Joey!
I said art lover.
Me? No. You?
Oh o-, OK man.
No thanks, Mom!
I said, "Like what?"
Forget about her.
Who was it?
Well, yeah actually.
He will, Joe.
How do ya do.
Hi, it's me.
Fine with me.
Fine with me.
Fine with me!
There's a Mr. Bing!
Let it go!!
Man, this is...
Ross, ten o'clock.
You don't know?
Sure. What's up?
Alright, here's ten.
Not fun anymore?
Hey! You okay?
Oh, oh, c'mon in.
Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down!
Does for me.
Well, somebody should.
So take care.
I'll take that.
Then it's okay!
Bye, momi-moo.
At a fake game!!
Mm! Night Gar'!
No!! You can't!!
No you can't.
Well ah, ........y'know.
Yeah you are!!
Oh that's great!
You're right.
That was you!
Ok, that's me.
Hey! Happy birthday.
Relax your hand!
Oh, hello Rachel.
Oh, hello Rachel.
I didn't know that.
All right, ready?
Yes, it is.
Okay, hold on. Okay.
And say nothing?
I hope he did!
I can't sleep now.
Where is Emily?
"Happy Birthday Peehe."
Excuse me. Hi.
Oh, okay, thanks.
There's the man.
You mean the spitter?
I hate this thing!
I have no name.
Why?! What happened?!
Hang on buddy!
There you are.
Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
Isn't this amazing?
This, this actually is a...
I can't believe it.
I'm not seeing Monica.
I just saw Janice.
There you go.
There you go!
There you go!!
She was kidding.
Coffee in a fight!
That, that's what's stupid.
Yeah, yeah! Me too!
Stop that now!
What was tonight?
Okay, one question.
What check thing?
Okay, it's um...
You got me.
You mean this.
I have no idea.
I have no idea.
Wish me luck.
Hi, Just Janice.
Your sister Ursula.
No. Not anymore.
I'm not moving out.
And I'm cute too.
And I'm cute too.
You do? Why?
I want you out.
Listen to me!!
I bet he can.
We said seven!
Hi Joey's sisters!
You look good.
Joey's a sex addict.
Hey, you guys!
Give me it!
Are you Joey?
Robert's coming out.
Ni-hi-ice!
No, ten o'clock.
Count of three?
He has a gun!
Ohhh. Don't go.
Men are here.
What Richard thing?
So what happened?
So what happened?
You look great!
What just happened?
What a sweet story.
Really? Male nurses?
Do I look fat?
Yeah-yeah, me neither.
Good-bye muscles!!
You got it.
Yep, I'm in a tree.
...The second guy.
I can't help it!
My-Oh my God!
It's a great idea.
There are seven?!
All yours babe.
Eh..., I don't, I don't know.
Oh yeah, totally!
I spelled out boobies.
Does it matter?!
No! No! Not, Paris.
Woah, hey, yo.
You want it?
Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
That's not funny.
That's sweet, Joey.
All right, buddy!
Oh! It's on! It's on!
You think I should?
Hey, mister tux!
Your cappucino sir.
With extra pulp?
It came up.
I love you too.
Chicks don't swim.
Well, that went well.
It's a beautiful thing.
He's Greek Orthodox.
Wow, you look...
Wow, you look...
Thank you, Ross.
No, you should.
Thank you, Joey.
Your tax dollars?
Okay, come here! Come here.
What gay thing?
You or me?
What, like a number?
Thank you Rachel.
Do you wanna?
Yeah, me either.
I don't know exactly.
I talked to Janice.
Yeah... Bunny-rabbit.
Sure you do.
That's the stuff!
Can I get a beer.
Okay, fine, $300.
No thank you.
Could be Casey.
I couldn't do it.
I'm off the list.
No, Amish boy.
Not 700 exactly?
What's your point?
...Quality, right, great.
Oh fresh air!
No problem roomie.
You wanna play?
Is that a problem?
Totally worth it!
That was amazing!
That was amazing.
So how's Mindy?
Uh, the book?
I didn't realize that.
Aah, y'killing me!
That's-that's my nubbin.
Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0.
Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.
Games and stuff.
Feelings, such strong feelings.
Jeez, what a baby.
I was not flirting.
I was not flirting.
And there's daddy!
Could I borrow it?
I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
May I help you?
I have some moves.
Hey, it's Janice.
You must stop!
Well, close to...
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Are you funny?
Oh-ho, yeah!
H-He's in China!
You know the hotels?
That is true.
The hot chicks?
What do we do? What do we do?
'Cause it's gross.
And, a lemon lime.
You pick one.
You be cool.
That is amazing.
Honestly? Me too.
It's a sock bunny.
You remember Janice.
Who's he huggin'?
Screw the Knicks!
Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.
Yes, I realise that.
See you later.
Ross is Batman!
Let's go quicker.
What equity investments?
You mind if I...
Thank you, buddy.
This is ridiculous.
No thanks, Josephine.
That's patio furniture!
Like an eclipse.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
Thank you, sir.
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Oh sweet Moses.
Okay. It's a chicken.
You are beautiful.
Oopsey, missed it!
Well, I like danger.
That is lucky.
I have my reasons.
Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
I'm the ruptured spleen.
Are you serious?
Are you serious?
Are you serious?
Are you serious?
You made pottery?
I think that's gum.
Yeah so, Tuesday?
What? That's terrible!
Do we dare?
But I just wa...
You're kidding.
Ok, that's Eric.
Janice, you're--
Here in Chelsea.
I'm not Jewish, so...
You mean scared.
That's totally understandable.
It's a buffet man.
Yeah, you wish.
That's a low one!
Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so....
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
I think it's winning.
Kill me. Kill me now.
The nerve huh?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She was a welder.
It's your mommy. It's your mommy.
Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
Ah that's a cantelope.
Is that a swing?
And then Tineals.
Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Heads it is.
I am so, so, so, so sorry!
Whose is it?
Whose is it?
I think it's necessary.
Okay, hating this.
No, not us... Us!
What, what's what you mean?
It's your timer.
I can't belive it.
What?! What-what is it?!
Yes! Well that-yes.
I am, I'm ignoring you.
I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Oh, that's mature.
You're a genius!
You are a frightening, frightening man.
What'd you rent?
Okay. It's a racecar.
Nono, just you.
I just wan't to...
Oh the humanity.
No Joey! No Joey! Don't Joey! Joey!
I'm not yanking you.
Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
Oh yea yea, absolutely.
You understood that?
Okay, so Richard, Richard!
Mazel tov!
Diet soda.
Pierce Brosnan?
Horn-swoggle.
Hi guys!
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, o-okay.
Yeah. O-okay.
All right.
All right!
All right!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!!
All right.
All right...
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right!
All right.
Another hard 8.
I kissed Kathy.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
I'm sorry, who?
Art lover!
Bye, Pheebs!
Consider Casey.
That's it?
"Benefits lapsed."
I'm coming already!!
