No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
Again?
And again, and again, and again... Hello? And again.
Well?
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
The bigger half.
That's so sweet.
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Oh, no...
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Light still out?
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
Really?
Hey, I thought you already had one.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
Chandler?
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Thank you.
That's fine.
Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
What? Why, why would...
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
We have good news, look whose back!
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Okay.
Wow!
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Hey!
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You must stop!
That only took me an hour.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
Really?
Chandler!
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
What else did you think about?
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Bye, Pheebs.
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
I am pretending.
Well then, do it better!
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
Down at the docks again?
Night-night Bing-a-ling.
Here's my binoculars.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Hi.
Hi.
Stop it Chandler. I'm sorry too.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
You know what the. . .
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Oh, that's too bad.
I'll survive.
What if we have to pee?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
You're actually going through with this?
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Hey, this is so unfair!
Oh, why is it unfair?
...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
You were gonna propose?
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. This is the real him.
Oh.
Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Have you been here all night?
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Wait, we can't do this.
Why?
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Okay!
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Uh huh. Why is that?
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
That game should not be played without my supervision.
What's in the bag?
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
So why don't you quit?
Who is Maria?
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
Oh John! Great!
Here he is.
Wow! I would trade.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
I talked to Janice.
Oh my God, is she going back to him?
What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey.
Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Oh my God.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
You OK?
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Really?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
What?
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
We've got a box.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Will you get us better gifts?
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
Listen to me!!
Juice, I need...
Yeah, okay.
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Yeah!
Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Ohh...
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
I don't know you guys.
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
What?!
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
You really think so?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
Ahhhh-I'm not going to call you.
What?
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
That's a good idea for a business!
That-that is a good trick.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Ohh.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Really?
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
What?! Anything! Anything!
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Really?
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
What, what is that?
Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
Hi!
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Come on, don't do this.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
She is now.
What are you saying?
How? How is your fault?
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
No.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Ohh, so?
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Hey!
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
You're a little high maintenance.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
So have you called her yet?
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Hey Pheebs!
Hey!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
Oh.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
It doesn't scare me!
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Honey, this will help.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
The balloon?
I can't, I gotta go.
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
How? How is your fault?
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
I think you'll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.
Oh yay!
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Yes, and grumpy.
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.
Can't we just use a pen?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
So what. I say, punch him.
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Keep going.
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
You probably want us to move in together?
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
That's him.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
What do you mean?
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
That's fine!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
We want candy! We want candy now!
Candy Lady?
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Well what is it?!
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
It's a pretty cool tux.
We should really learn how to play the real way.
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Hey.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Hey.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Because it's too delicious.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
No, no, ACC-cept that.
Oh.
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Okay, get out of my kitchen!
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh my God. He threw up?
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Why, nobody good?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
Bye. I can't stand the woman!
What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
No.
Then you are neither of your parents!
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
What did you say?
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
You got all that from the back of her head?
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Phoebe, woo!
Okay, woo! Hi.
Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Is Joey here?
Wouldn't you be?
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
Guys?
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Well what happened at dinner?
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Hey!
What are you up too?
Yeah, Big Brother.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
...I dunno.
You don't know?!
How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Uh-huh.
Morning.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Wow!
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Wouldn't you be?
Really?
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Phoebe is, making people.
Everybody's doing stuff!
We could climb Mt. Everest!
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
God, he's good.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
Hey.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
No way!
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Oh God, yeah.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
What am I going to do?
I don't know you guys.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
No, I'm still married.
Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Hi!
The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it's just gonna be me again tonight.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Ah-ha!
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Sure!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
No.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
You do?!
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Hey, the fight's starting!
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Fight's over!
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
You don't think I get up when you get up?
Ohhh, here it comes.
Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Hi, oh hi.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
You know what the. . .
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Absolutely.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
All right, I'm nine years old.
Oh, I hate this story.
Oh my god.
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What's this?
What?
Let me see that! Oh man!
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
And the sex?
Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Do you?
Don't you have to pee?
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Happy for you.
No, happy for you!
I-I wanna be with her, I like her.
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
What?!
Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
You promised you would break up with her!
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
That's what you say at the end of a date.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
No thank you.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Really?
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
What's in the bag?
I do!
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Hey, here's a thought, Ross.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
How about receiving?
Yes!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Who was that?
Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on?
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Cigarettes?!!
Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
What?!
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Is that all?
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
It's actually going to be just family.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Why don't you play with your roommate?
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Yeah, where the hell is he?
How's this?
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Well, there you go.
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
It doesn't say that in the script.
It does in mine!
You bug me.
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
How sad are we?
Yeah, I know.
Yeah!
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Mark's a genius!
Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
What am I going to do?
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Chandler!
There was just one woman, wasn't there?
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.
Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Right here!
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Chandler?
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Hey, I've been honing!
What was with the dishes?
Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
Do you know anything about women?
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Who needs a lease when it's family!
Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Yeah.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
Here.
The receipt.
I don't know.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
We can't do this.
No! Oyster?
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Are you sure you're okay?
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Noo.
You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Men are unbelievable.
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Well this one's for you.
Get out.
Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Scared? Happy?
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
I know! I can't wait!
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Oh man! I am so excited-I may vomit!
Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.
Really?!
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
What are you doing?
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
We are switching back, right now!
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
I don't know.
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Yeah.
Cool.
Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Hi!
Hey.
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Hi, Ross.
Hey.
Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
You thought about that?
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Yeah!
I like them a lot.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
It hurts my teeth.
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
He took my joke, he took it.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
I can't believe this.
Chandler, I said I was sorry.
Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
But...
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
How is that the silver lining?
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Let go! Let go!
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Ow!!
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
Uhh, you've had a lot of sex right?
When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Don't worry about that man, that happens.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
Hmph.
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Keep talking.
Really?
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Saw your head. Saw your head.
What is it?
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
We have got to move!
I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
Y'know, I know you're talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
No.
All right, you're right. I'll talk to her.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Chandler.
I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
It's not that bad.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Okay, I freaked out a little.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Oh! Oh!
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Ohhhhh!
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Why would I be mad?
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Okay.
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Really?
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Come on! Chandler!
They really were pretty, weren't they?
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
Oh my God!
What?
Nooo!!
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Can I check out what she did to my room?
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
It is???
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Hey.
Oh. Sorry!
Me too.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
I didn't think I was!
Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Cheers!
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
You're straight. I get it.
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Why not?!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Right.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
That's okay.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Right.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
That's okay.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Even with me?
Really?
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Who jumps at loud noises!
Wow! I could've died tonight.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
How do you know that? How?
I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
Okay that does sound like fun.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
It's work.
And we don't work hard?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
Ankle.
We'll see.
I Gotcha!!
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
So was it a lot more money?
... the WENUS?
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Wow! How'd you get in there?
Hi Chandler!
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
No, just give me another minute.
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Okay.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
See, now it's weird again.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Really?
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Kristen Lang.
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
No, I ah, I didn't do them.
Oh, you forgot?
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
I'm crying here!!
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
Heyyyy-What?
Oh it's water under the bridge, forget it!
I think I'm gonna cry!
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Whose little ball of paper is this?!
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Yeah.
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Okay, this one I like!
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight.
You seen Sandy?
Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.
I have a family, I'm gonna be here.
Yeah Bing, what's that about?
Rough numbers?
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
What's going on?
What is it?
That's great!
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
I don't know.
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
Oh My God.
C'Mon, You Guys. This Is A Real Movie, And Al Pacino's In It, And That's Big!
Okay, Okay, Fine! Make Jokes, I Don'T Care! This Is A Big Break For Me!
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
I don't want to say.
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
Oh crap!
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
Yeah.
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
You'll get one.
Oh yeah? When?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
You'll get one.
Oh yeah? When?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Hey, I thought you already had one.
Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Okay, here is the phone bill.
Oh my God!!
No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity...anymore.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
What picture?
I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
I am so glad you said cooks.
I know.
Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! You can throw the rest away.
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
I do not have baby fever!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
I'm talking about you. You big, big freak.
Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
So the light went out in my refrigerator...
I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Dysprosium.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
What are you doing?!
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
Well, if you think it will help.
You should! How is she?
Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
Is this why they don't like me or why you don't like me?
Look, I know that I should've told them. I know I shouldn't care what they think. I'm sorry.
You really think that'll work?
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
And everybody knows this?
Yeah. Cushions the blow.
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
"Take good care of your Momma son."
Cut!!!!!!!!!!
Hello?
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
It's my joke.
Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Let's go watch it at your place.
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
Thats unbelievable.
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
No!
I can't believe her, y'know it's just-it's so typical.
Paris?
Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Well, I think so.
Hi. Where is everybody?
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
What's up?
Sure. Okay.
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
That's very funny. We done now?
No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Good-bye muscles!!
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
Honey, we gotta go!
I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
What did you say?
Oh, you just know.
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
Oh!!
Hi.
If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Hey.
Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I...
Yeah-no, just that last song.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Did I put too much rum in here?
Just a sec. Hope you find your monkey.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen!
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
No, we never do that
Okay, here comes another camera.
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
There's no back to this couch!
Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
Why not?!
What?!
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Chandler, Chandler.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
Argh-argh!! Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Hey!
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Again true.
And this goes for all guys?
All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Oh, Chandler!! All right, this is it! You never see Joanna again!
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
No?
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say $1,500?
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
It's him, not it!
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
Yeah, it's good.
Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Oh?
Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Hey...
NOW!!!!!!!!
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
What's this?
Eight hundred and twelve bucks.
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Oh that's cool, I was gonna fire you anyway.
Great!
Now, have you told anyone else?
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Oh my God.
C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Really?!
Sure! Where are the seats?
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
It was just so awkward and bumpy.
Bumpy?
Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
Well, John McLane had plans!
What are you talking about? Bitch.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Off?!!
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
What?!
I suppose mainly sexual.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Which one?
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
No!
Chandler!
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! "It's almost as good as being there."
You don't have a car. And your license expired.
I know. Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
It's better! You can't go to a museum in your underwear!
Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
What?
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Quick volleyball question.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Food? Uh-huh gimme!
Since when are you into swing music?
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Yeah, but uh, I don't want to be up too late, so uh, I'll have a decaf.
Yeah, me too.
I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
He paid a lot of money for it.
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
Hey.
Hey.
Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
What, now?
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Yeah, you wish!
Yeah, okay. Alright.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
But don't you need experience for a job like that?
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Yeah I guess you're right.
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Hey-hey are you drunk?
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Noo!!!
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Ah, yeah!
Wow! Hello, Mr. Chandler.
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Well, it involved Monica.
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Uh-hmm.
Oh my God! I love that!
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
Dude.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
I just saw Janice.
Oh.
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
It's not that bad.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
I could be a secretary.
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten.
Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Thank you.
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
You told me.
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
I got something for her. It's a book!
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
But don't you need experience for a job like that?
Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
I can't believe it.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
Well, how much do you think he needs?
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
Okay.
No-no, stay right there. Gettin' closer.
Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
Thats unbelievable.
I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
You win.
Well, what did you have?
Uh, wow, 700.
Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
Way to be strong, man!
Hey!
Well, so, why don't you just turn it off?
I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Me?! Why me?
Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
That is so sweet!
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
And of course, crotchless panties.
Aw, I love that.
Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Um-hmm.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey.
Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
Chandler!! Promise me, you will end it.
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Cool... "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel."
How did he do this?
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once.
I know! I know!
Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!
Really?
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Okay.
Give me the good stuff.
Okay, I'm up! I'm up!
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
What?
The ring is gone!
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
I can't believe he did this.
What did you just say?
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
I can't believe he did this.
What did you just say?
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Oh my god. You are pure evil.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Ah, the stalker.
Never mind, it's open.
Let's get out of here.
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down-let's write it down!
I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
All right.
I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica!
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Emotional Knapsack?
Yeah.
Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
Of!
Fortune! This guy is so stupid. It's Count Rushmore!!
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise.
I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.
All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special.
Betrothed...
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.
Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Oh, howd she take it?
Okay, I think I get how to do this.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
Where's Buddy?
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout. See ya.
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Work people? Nobody told me.
No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Yeah I guess you're right.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
Oh my.
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this.
Ohh, gee. I wonder why she thinks you're going to call her?
Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Yeah right.
No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Yes!
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Yeah, so?
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
They're all tourists.
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
So is Joey around?
I uh, don't really have a preference. You?
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Come on.
Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Yeah and we'll drop it off downstairs so that we're not tempted.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Oh that's great, with my luck, that's gonna be him.
Him? Him, Ross?
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
What?
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
Rach, he's a friend of ours.
You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Whoa! You had sex today?
Wow.
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
Break!
I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
I could be a secretary.
I could do that.
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
What?!!
Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Yeah, sure.
Someone in there?
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Yeah, and there won't be a relationship left to rebuild.
Yeah, but don't you think....
Yeah, okay.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Keep talking.
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Hey.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Hey-hey.
So are guys doing okay?
Yeah baby!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
You said no right?!
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Y'miss it?
I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
All right. But if you weren't my best friend.
Oh my God, is it really that bad?
Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Um, is it sugarless?
Sorry, it's not.
New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la...
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y'know I've always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Hey! How was it?
Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand...
And what did he ask you not to call him?
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Well, I like it. Here you go.
Oh, I embarrass you?
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
No! Why does he have to go?
No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Excuse me. How ya doin'?
So, do we have the best friends or what?
I will go for that drink.
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
Honestly? Me too.
Really?
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
And you don't think taking care of our chick is work?
That's not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
I don't know, maybe we weren't ready to have a chick.
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Dysprosium.
Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
You don't see it? You actually don't see it?
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Okay.
Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number.
Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
I promise you, he would definitely want you back.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Please?
I wanted to go to the strip club!
Yeah, all right.
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! Oh!
Old?
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Hey!
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Good morning.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs?
Oh! Oop!
Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
Hey, are you unsupporting me again?
Hey!
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Yeeeeahhhh.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah we are!
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
I so am.
You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
Well, this all looks good.
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?
Hey!
Hey! You ready to go?
What?
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Hey, how was your chef thing?
Oh, it was awful. I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
Chandler!
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Why is everything different?
Bye!
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
What?
Yeah, okay, I'll see you later.
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her.
I'm sorry, Joey, that is my chose.
I'm now thinking I would like to change my answer to, no one.
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
Were you the ones called the cops?!
Why not?
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
Hey.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Ohhh!
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
Ross, sweetheart!
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
What's this?
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Hey, look at this! They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
What?
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Okay, I promise, I'll end it.
Thank you.
Yeah-eh-eah! Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
Hey, here she comes.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
Why?!
That game should not be played without my supervision.
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
So you're really okay with this?
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? Ow!! He's not even here!!!
I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Oh-oh, sorry, it's this way, it's this way.
It's this way? Sorry.
All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Are you serious?
I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
I had them made special.
That's fine.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Okay!
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Okay!
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
Afraid to ask him?
Could not be more terrified.
Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Know what I mean?
Yeah, but I don't think we have time.
Let's do it!
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Sure!
Chandler! Is he?
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?
Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
That's all you're basing this on?
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Her what?
Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Really?
...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Hi Mom, it's Jill.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule.
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
No.
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
And that's funny, why?
Oh, umm, I was just y'know working out and umm... Oh, that's it.
Well, you could actually go to the gym.
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Okay well I think...that's your answer.
I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one.
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Do you have any respect for your body?
Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
No.
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
I was not flirting.
It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Yeah, right.
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
No.
Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
That oughta do it.
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
What?
No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
What?
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
What?
No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
What?
What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?
Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...
This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Good morning.
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Uh-oh, it was bad?
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
Any luck?
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
Mi-mi-mii.
I've never wanted you more.
Hello.
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Hi.
Oh, that's attractive.
Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
What?! It's 6 o'clock!
I can't believe this Chandler!
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Hey!
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Dad , Mom . Look! Look who it is it's Chandler!
Oh yes of course, hello Chandler.
Whoa, snowing out there?
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Okay, good bye!
Umm, oh, about three months.
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
No, it's-it's Andrew.
He's... new.
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
She answered.
Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Hey! Hi!
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Well, high school was not my favourite time.
I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
Okay, let's play my game now.
Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!!
Yeah! Oh my God! Is this what it's like to be you?
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
Y'know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
My God! What happened to you?
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
And they weren't looking at you before?!
Hi.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
But I love swing music!
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Well, what is the other reason?
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Not yet.
Then, no.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
: So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
...Yeah.
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.
Aaaaahhh!!
There you go!
Theres the waitress. Excuse me, Miss. Hello, Miss?
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Monica bang! Monica bang! Ow!
I'll get the hat.
Okay.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
What are you writing?
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Hi guys!
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
That had to hurt!
There you go!
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Me! On my computer.
Well you sure used a large font.
Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
What's up?
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Monica?
What?!
Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this.
Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
Stop it!
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Come on, two on one.
What, now?
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
We haven't eaten yet!
I know, but all that work you're doing to get it ready, I just...
I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.
Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win!
They have racquets don't they?!
Uh Bing, I think we're gonna make this the last game.
I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do.
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Of course, sir.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
Yes, you said that.
Chandler?
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Tomorrow night.
Monica, what are you doing?
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Rach, you're gonna come though aren't you?
Oh, honey, I don't know. I...
You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren't there. Just say you'll think about it, okay?
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Yeah, Big Brother.
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
What do you mean?
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
What?
I don't want to move again!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Hey!
What are you guys doing up?
Dark red.
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Wow! Yeah!
Oh-oh!
Great!
Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
Eh..., I don't, I don't know.
What?
Rachel?
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
About a half an hour.
Lovely!
No.
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Hey!
So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Oh, how'd that happen?
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!
Luck!
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
What?!
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Are you alright?
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.
Congratulations.
Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?
I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Really!
You know what I like most about him, though?
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Name one!
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Joey, we have something to tell you.
Oh my God! You're pregnant!
Wow! Well, uh... Hey! I'm really happy for you guys! Congratulations! See you later.
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
That really was some of your best work.
I have to be up in seven minutes.
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
Hey Leslie, how'd you know I'd be here?
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
So ah, Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Yuh-huh.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
No.
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
Yes!!
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of.
Really?! You promise?
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
No.
Nooooo.
Uh-huh, yeah.
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
Oh... Uh...
So, who's the lucky guy?
Well, she saw the ring.
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Shhhh!
What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
What? That's like insanely easy!
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?
You don't need to fill these silences.
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Are you mocking me?
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
What are you doing?
Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
Well, I do.
Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Ohh!
Oh, you don't have to do that every time.
A part of him did yes.
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
Really?
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Whoa!
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.
Susan Sarandon.
And!! Isabella Rosselini.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Hey!
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Oh, get out of here!
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
It-it doesn't?
No!
That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Honey, this will help.
Uff.
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Hey.
No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Come on man, really how old?!
Wow thanks!
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
Wait! You're going out with Kathy!
Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
It's, uh... it's endearing, really.
All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! Oink!
Any luck?
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
I warned you...
Who is being loud?
Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Hey!
How do you feel?
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Whoa ho.
I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book .
Sure.
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Do you happen to know what I'm going to say?
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Because if I go home, we're gonna become the Bings! I can't be the Bings!
What's wrong with being the Bings?
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
4:00 A.M.
So, can I get some candy?
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
Okay, for the last time. It's not named for each individual man.
You've done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely.
It's older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo.
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Great!
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Excuse me?
What?
Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Weren't you nine?!
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Hey, you know about that?!
Where there is no fear of commitment.
Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Am I naked again?!
We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
And your friend Phoebe?
Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
..you add a pinch of saffron, it makes all the difference.
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
It's the Knicks!
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
True story!
Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Sweetie, with you it's gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, 'cause you-you guys are in love.
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
He should take the sack?
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
What is she doing here?
I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Who?
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Shes still here.
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
Yeah, she's...
You love her.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Ehh.
Eh, you work for that.
You do?!
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Hi, Nina. Come on in.
You wanted to see me?
Which is bad, because?
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Please, don't take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
When I got married you slept with my sister.
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
So have you called her yet?
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
She was kidding.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
Are you okay?
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Ok.
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Hey, hey, look at that talent.
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Do I look fat?
Noo.
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Yeah, I do, yeah.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
Yeah, we'll be fine.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Oh!
I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Are you serious?
Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Awww. But still no.
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Where ya going?
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
"Benefits lapsed."
Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Let me see that!
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Look everyone, it's the spirit of Thanksgiving!
So are things with you and Joey any better?
Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
Uh-oh. She may be onto us.
We are so gonna find them this year.
Yeah.
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
So does it really hurt as bad as they say?
Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
They're gonna call her Chandler.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Since when?
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Pshhshhh!
Chandler? Can you give me a hand?
Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
You can pee here!
Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Shut up, and put my table back.
Okayyy!
So, like, you guys all have jobs?
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Yeah!
Oh my God!
Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff.
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Um-mm, yeah right!
He's so cute.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
Quick! What time is it?!
I don't know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! What are you laughing at Pampers?
Yeah?
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Sure.
No problem.
Petrie.
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
Of course!
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
You left a shoe here?!
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
Great! Thanks.
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
What?
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
Hey. Watcha guys doin?
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
What? That's like insanely easy!
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Why-why would I care about that?
No reason, I'm just saying that uh... That's where I'll be.
Why don't you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn't have to apologize.
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Mr.Douglas... ..cool tie.
Shes still here.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
Ross, let me show you where the guest room is.
I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
Once!!
All right, we're gonna play.
Okay. Let's bring it in.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
It's not that bad.
Chandler, Chandler.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
It's not that bad.
Chandler, Chandler.
And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Yeah, what's that about?
You're good. These are not.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
Yeah baby! No baby!
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
What gave me away?
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
No.
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this.
Chandler! Is he?
Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
He's good with rear things, bring him in too.
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
I'm back.
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Great, I'll see you then.
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
OK, well then who was the kid that got caught masturbating?
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
So, how was the party?
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Hi.
Hey.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Okay, fine, fine. You don't want to believe me? No, that's fine.
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Damn! The tailpipe's not hot enough to light this!
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Hi!
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Keep talking.
I love you!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
In the game room!
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Then why would he say it?
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Oh yeah...
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Could you guys help me?
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
Bye bye Joey.
What a phony.
Sir.
I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete's computer company?
Oh, just go. You're never gonna get it!
Hey!
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Yeah!
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Hi.
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Wow! I would trade.
It is beautiful, but I'm gonna use this one. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman's heart?
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
You okay over there?
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
Hey!
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Whoa!
What?
So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
I just purchased the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000.
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
I can do that!
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! Ahhh!
Does it hurt?
Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
Then, I'd steer clear of Phoebe.
Man!
Hi!
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Another lie. You have a sickness!
Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. Ooohh, to a Porsche! Hey Gunther, these yours?
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
She's bluffing!
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
She's bluffing!
Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I'm not looking for any thing serious.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas party, Rachel?
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
I wasn't- I mean, I-
I know-
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn't tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Well all right, one thing happened?
Well I'm sorry.
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Dude, don't do that too me!
All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
Hey!
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Yeah, the stripper stole it.
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
I can't believe it! He still hasn't called.
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Maybe all the rulers are wrong.
Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
Did you break up with her?
Why?
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Ross!
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Have you seen Joey?
What's the matter?
Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Well we left ours in Monica's bedroom.
Nope, got it and I got yours too.
That's a good story, Grandpa.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
I don't know. But I-I-I know I love you!
I know I love you!
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
I made that joke up.
Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
Hey, tell Dan, 'Thanks.'
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
You remember Janice, right?
Helloo!!
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Uh-huh.
Do you have a point?
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Yeah. And, first here's a gift.
Oh! Wow! Hey!
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Oh?
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
I say, punch him Joey.
Yeah! Punch him!!
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
Right.
Hi.
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Right in there!
Hey!
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
You broke a little girl's leg?!!
I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
May I help you?
Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?
Tell him.
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
Huh?
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Ah! Oh my God! You r-r-rotten boys!
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
You mean like for award shows?
Some of them.
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
But I'm...
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Yes that was a nice place!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
Ummmmmmmm, no.
You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don't tell the guy that!
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Hey.
Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
What are you guys gonna do?
Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
Calm down. There's no reason to get testy.
You guys!! Come on!
What do you mean?
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...
Aw, I know all about Kip!
Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
I can't, I gotta go.
Almost never.
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
I want you right here, right now.
Meet me in the bathroom.
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
What?
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey, check me out, I'm a slut!
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Are you not seeing him anymore?
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?
Uh, sure, why not.
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
'Scuse me.
It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Hold on. Fill these out, sit over there.
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
All right buddy, way to go!
Dude, what are you doing?
Yeesh, what'd you do about it?
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Hey.
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Yeah, well...
Hi!
Yeah, Rach, I think you're handling that really well.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
How did that happen?!!
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler!
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
Goodnight.
Um, thank you for the gift.
No, I... I didn't mean the pen. Thank you for the book.
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
Yeah.
No, we never do that
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Okay, Santa!
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
Hey, is Rachel here?
No.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
Why not?
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
Okay. But if you don't come back soon, there's pretty much nothing I can do about it!
You are, you're gonna leave me like this?
Knowing you're here, waiting for me I think it's kinda exciting.
Oh.
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Are you travelling with a child?
Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don't take library cards.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Sounds like a date to me.
Oh, yeah. Had that dream.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Oh no thanks. I don't like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
What?!
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Come on, we can't let them win!
Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
Guys are signing over their 401-K's to me?
You work with robots!!
Ohh, I like swimmer's bodies!
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Pretty much.
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
Is Brian...?
Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
It's me. I'm the other guy.
What?
And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
It's me. I'm the other guy.
What?
And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
You think?
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him.
Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
How's that coffee comin,' dear?
It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.
Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Then be supportive like a guy.
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww!
Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
What?! Chandler she's our cousin!
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
What?
She wants to meet you in person.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
I don't!
Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech.
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Changes?
You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Oh. That WENUS.
So what're you going to do?
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Do we have to?
No.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Hey!!
Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
No.
Eh, what are you gonna do?
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?
Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
What is this? Fruit?
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Ross is Batman!
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Joey, this is for you. It's blackberry curin.
Aww. Ohh!
Put your hands together.
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Hey.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Oh great! Did you get a movie?
Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don't think it's the kind you're gonna like.
Sort of...
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
Oh that's great! Good for you.
Hey-hey listen...
When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
So what does this mean?
Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
Not you. Relax. Ever have to fire anyone?
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
You still on that?
You are way off, pal.
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Oh.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
He's right, even if it's to say something complementary.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Oh! That's why. I'm sorry!
Chandler.
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
You didn't just break up.
Hey, it's been like three weeks!
Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
You guys, I am not that bad!
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
Please.
C'mon. Let her. Yeah.
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....
Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Wish me luck.
Good luck!
No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
Sure, why not?
Oh my god! Youre amazing!
So you still want me to send her psychological profile to Personnel?
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
It was my racquet.
I was frustrated with you!
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
We should?
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Oh, 200 seconds of passion. We gotta go.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
98 hot saves, highest in the force.
Fire safety is not a joke, son.
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
Hey! You can't go back there!
Oh my God.
Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
'Cause it's-it's not his last name.
It isn't?
Oh, okay. There should be Gold Man!
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
Yeah, I do.
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.
Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Ooh! How was Kathy's play?
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
That's a good idea for a business!
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Yeesh, what'd you do about it?
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Let's go watch it at your place.
Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Hey, be right there.
There's a game?
It's the basketball playoffs.
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Because!
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
What?
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
Good choice.
Thanks.
How you doin'? Joey Tribbiani, America.
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
This is terrible. What am I going to do?
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Hey, gorgeous.
Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-
Oh! Okay! Phew!
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
Bye! Thank God
Dude, what'd you have?
The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
You betcha!
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
I gotta go!
Hey.
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
By someone besides Monica?
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
I need to borrow a hundred bucks.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
It's pretty clear.
That's why you broke up with me?
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Really?
Well, not anymore.
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
You're all invited to bite me!
He's here. I'm assuming one of you is the father.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon?
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Dark red.
Yes, you are so smart!
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
You mean this.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
He's a he?
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
Oh my God!
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
Yeah.
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
So what are you gonna do?
What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
I sure did.
Why?
Well, you're amazing.
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Dad?
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.
Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Please.
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
It happened in London.
IN LONDON!!!
But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
It happened in London.
IN LONDON!!!
But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
You bug me.
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Okay I promise. I'll-I'll hate it. Wow! You-you look...hideous.
Really?
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?
Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
You are really frightening me.
All right, ten centimeters, here we go.
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.
You told her before you told us?
God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
It's no big deal. Chandler was just kissin' me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.
What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
I say, punch him Joey.
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
So?
Yeah, 'cause that's why you won't get Isabella Rosselini, geography.
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
If only he were a woman.
Yeah.
Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch.
Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
What?!
Oh my God, you guys!!
Who?
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Well that's how I feel.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe.
You gotta take the canoe!
We're not throwing it away! I built that canoe!
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.
Wow.
Oh, now it's a spare room?
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
I'd really prefer a mountain bike.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
Ginger.
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Yeah.
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Can you blame him?
Well then we still have a problem.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Your different here too. Your mean in England.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
Why not her?
Cause she uh, she steals stuff.
Joey that is horriable.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Hey!
Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
What happened to the foosball?
Ah that's a cantelope.
He paid a lot of money for it.
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Ohh.
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Totally!
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that's because I didn't send him an invitation.
Chandler! He's your father; he should be at the wedding.
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
Mm-mmm.
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Monica! This is the Men's room! Isn't it?
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Come on, we can't let them win!
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
I-I-I gotta go, I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
What happens if you flick it?
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
It doesn't say that. Does it?
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
What?!
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! She's-she's gonna kill me.
Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. And that goes back up there.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Okay we have to do something about your breath.
What about your breath?!
Okay. I can do that.
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
All right, buddy!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Come on, it's fun!
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
It's 4:30.
Okay, I see what's going on here.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Well I like both eggs equally.
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
You did?
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
I did.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Oh, that was my work laugh.
Really? Your work laugh?
All right, check me out.
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
So, you feel like a dad yet?
No, why?
Oh, look, he's waking up!
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!
Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
Hey.
What?
Do you say this stuff to girls?
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Oh really, you guys tryin' again?
Yeah.
C'MON!
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
I do like that.
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Absolutely! It would just be one friend helping out another friend.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
You could say that.
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
I don't know.
Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
What?!
Okay, break-up's still on!
Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. I never noticed that before.
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
Not if you're gonna be like this!
Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
Y'know I'm-I'm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
Oh boy me too!
Yeah?
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
I'm so sorry.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. I'm sorry man.
I knew you were not okay with that.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch.
Hey. Where's Joey?
I think he's across the hall.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
How'd you get to that?
You knew about that?
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.
Wasn't Nick funny when he couldn't get his match lit?
It's a good play, isn't it?
Okay, I...
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
I'm gonna do it.
I don't know what else to say.
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err...
Score.
She is so hot!
Pheebs?
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Whoa, you are very beautiful.
Oh, thank you.
Honey, what's the matter?
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
Well, there you go.
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Look, what do you want me to say?
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Oh.
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
C'mon hurry, hurry.
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Nooo!
Please!
Wow! What's that like?
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
And!! Isabella Rosselini.
So?
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
You wanna play?
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Don't you ah, don't you wanna ask me any questions?
One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here.
Forget her! You enjoy this!!
What are you doing?
Are you okay?
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Are you seein her again tonight?
Yep. Ice Capades.
I dont know. I like her, you know. Shes different. Theres uh, somethin about her.
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Hey.
Hey.
Well, the part's mine if I want it.
All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.
What?
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
No! No, you smell like a meadow. I'm sorry.
What's with him?
Ugh!
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Awww. But still no.
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Joey! No way. I'm not answering that.
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
Hi!
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Hi there.
That's that weird voice again.
Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
Anything else?
Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
You think we're ready for something like that?
Why not?
Why, are you moving out?
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
Yeah, all right. Ooh!
Joey!
Hey!
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you sure you're okay?
Ohh that's sweet!
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Centerpieces!
Yeah! Roses or Lilies?
Oh my God! It's like one mind.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
So what're you guys gonna eat?
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
I want you right here, right now.
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
This bicep?
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with...
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Ohh that's sweet!
Oh my God!
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Wow! Hello, Mr. Chandler.
This is the most special day of our lives.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
But, I just cleaned the bathroom.
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
I think it went into me.
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
Ok, who ordered what?
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
No way, forget it.
C'mon, she's your mom!
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Do we have to make the entire thing?
Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
It so does not!!!
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
No, Janice.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Yes, Denise. Denise!
Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
Okay.
Hey! New wallet, huh?
Rachel!
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
Nice to meet ya.
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Okay, here we go. Ready?
No! No! No! No--one can beat me.
Hello? Oh, hi Ross! See? Other people call me!
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
That's my first name.
Right, okay, then no.
Yay!
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Well, Joey's my best friend.
I'm not your best friend?
All right, all right, at least I'm prepared.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
I'm already here.
Oh! Ross is sooo great!
No, you said the baby creeps you out.
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
: Your Visa bill is huge!
Give me that!
I don't know.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Alright, c'mon! Let's play Twister!
Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
What were you modeling for?
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
What?
No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
I'm gonna have to give him up.
I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Hello, Mr. Bing.
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
Sure.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Yes.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Why?
Fat?!
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Yeah, so?
Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Tell me what?
Look at you, you won't even look at him.
All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Hmm, how about my azzz?
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Yeah, you should, really.
Go on.
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Hey!
It's almost our anniversary!
Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
We should?
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
Hm-mm.
Ohh!
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
No! We only mess around at his place!
No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Yes I'm gonna put it back exactly where I found it.
'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Oh yeah, that's over.
What?!
He shot a bird!
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
You got all that from the back of her head?
Who's Elaine?
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Oh.
I gather by that oh that he told you about me.
He's kind of intense huh?
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area.
This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Hi.
Hey!
Ah-ha!
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
Uh, 10:30.
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
Which one?
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment.
Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
Hey, my Father's house does that!
O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
Hmm.
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
How do I look?
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
Oh my God! That's the creep that you're with at the Statue of Liberty.
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
We don't have to come up with this now.
Oh good.
Changes?
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Was the setting of Phoebe's triumph.
But the mess!
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!
And the man who made all this possible... Mr. Peter Becker.
One second.
I wasn't doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now?
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
...Hm.
Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Hey!
What's going on?
Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here it doesn't hurt that bad.
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.
That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
Yeah. You!
Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Hey!
Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
Wow! How'd you get in there?
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday?
Why?
Oh God. Y'know, botanists are such geeks.
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.
Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
Don't worry, it's out there! I think I just need lunch.
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
Come here.
Are you sure?
Beefsteak Charlie's?
Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
What?! You can't-what did you tell her?
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? I'm actually asking you!
Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
What?! What?!
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them.
Hey Monica, it's Chip.
Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
We stand firm at $10.
How would you like to pay?
Okay. Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Hi, Julie!
Hi, Julie.
Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
Are you sure this time?
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
I'm telling you it's like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Bye, good luck.
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
What does she mean by HH?
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
And she's not crazy?
Oh my God.
We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it.
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
All right!! All right. I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
I was in too much pain.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Never had that dream.
No.
And they weren't looking at you before?!
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Oh, honey, that's so sweet.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Oh, sure! I'm sure.
I know.
Ennnh.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Oh, sure! I'm sure.
I know.
Ennnh.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
All right that's it, school is in session!
My God! Is this a gym card?
So why don't you quit?
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!
Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.
Oh that is quite all right ma'am.
Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
You realize what you are don't you?
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
Hey. Happy Thanksgiving!
God, your hair sure is different!
So uh, where's Monica?
Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready...
Okay.
Really?
I know! I know.
Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
That's so gross!
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding.
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
All right!!
Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
Yeah.
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Done! I did it! Heh, who's stupid now?
All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
No, no, you can't, you can't, okay, you can't, you can't buy her pearls, you just can't, you can't, you can't.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Hey-hey-hey Joey!
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
You're welcome.
Did you smoke?
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
I'll be waiting.
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
Well no, but um.
Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .
All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
This was your idea?
What were you thinking?
Yeah. You!
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
No, I haven't seen him.
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
Yeah, why?
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
Hey, hey, they're runnin'
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
Still broken?
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Nah, not my game.
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Another hard 8.
Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Go! Come on! Roll!
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Umm, okay.
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
You're kidding! Oh, I love him.
Oh please!
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
Hey!
What are you doing here, Santa?
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Right! And when is that due?
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place.
8!:
Don't you let her go! You're a lucky guy!
All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on!
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
We're never gonna find anybody.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here. "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."
I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
Yeah, me too.
Stop it!! That's not funny!!
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!!
We didn't fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
That was me.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Okay. It's a racecar.
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Sometimes I have bad dreams.
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Hey.
Oh no! What's the matter?
Y'know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
And then we've gotta get some sleep.
Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
Bye.
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.
Hey no problem.
Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
This is crazy.
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Who is Maria?
You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Hi. She said yes.
How do I look?
Hey.
Ooh! That's so nice...
...Chandler!
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
I couldn't do it.
Hey.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
You couldn't do it?!
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Have you been here all night?
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
What's in the bag?
Hey guys.
Hey.
Um, just some presents.
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Hello, funny Valentine.
By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
Come on.
Right here!
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Okay.
Oh, yes, could I have one of those.
No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Hi.
Hi.
Yes?
Oh my God!
Oh, God.
You got screwed.
Oh my God!
Hey!
Not so much!
Whoah!
Hey!
Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.
Y-, y-, you like that show?
No way!
Thank you. I'm from New York.
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
No! Forget her, man! You don't need her, you don't need that!
He's right, what she did was unforgivable.
How might you be wrong?
Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
How might you be wrong?
Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
Then why would he say it?
Yeah, we're gonna go.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Well, it's getting late.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
He's a he?
Yes please.
Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Last time I do that, I promise.
This is great! Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy!
Yeah, like in a cab...
What is that?
For the ride.
Save it.
Well, you're not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes...
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
I have to be up in seven minutes.
Really?!
Uh, could you leave me one?
They're in my bag over there.
Ah.
For just you?
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Come on, they were not that huge.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Okay, but before you go, could you help me first?
Sure. I'll help you.
Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Oh umm, not go.
Hello, Chandler Bing.
So what, we just sit?
Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. Shhh.
Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Damn Rollos!
Rachel, this is your apartment.
Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!
Hey, you're back!
I'm sorry too.
Could I be more sorry.
I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. All right Joey, we get it. I'm sorry.
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
But we're not ready to tell yet!
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Oh, ok.
What?
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
I know.
No you know I don't mind.
Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...
I know.
Oh. Oh, God!
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Hey, want a beer? WHOA!!!!
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Ah-ha, you're not the boss of me. Yeah, you are! Ooh, saucy.
What is it?
Just a little gag gift somebody gave me. Put your hands together.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
No, the doctors say it may kill her.
But, I put some honey in it.
She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
Ahhh.
Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
Ooh, let's see it!
Okay.
Monica?
No. We were in the middle of sex...and you fell asleep.
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
What?!
Okay!
Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
No-no-no, the kiss was good.
No, but that's bad!
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
What... did you get me there?
I got you...these.
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
Yes talk to her. Be a man.
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
All right, you're right. I'll talk to her.
I'm a man.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
Why, why not?
Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs?
It's the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
Yeah, yeah you have the ring?
Oh! Oop!
Well, yeah actually.
All this lying has been hard on us too.
Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
I can't believe it.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
So- you can tell?
Really.
Yeah.
Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
What?!
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
Come here, I want to show you something!
Okay!
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
And that doesn't scare you?
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
Ross, you need some help?
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Morning.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Okay, I promise, I'll end it.
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Chandler!! Promise me, you will end it.
Thank you.
Again I must go back to, how?
How?
Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
You said...
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .
What? Why?
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
We're switching rooms again.
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Hello Skidmark.
It's pretty clear.
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
But we have to!
Well then, you should look with us.
Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
No way!
Yeah, apparently they're turning it into some kinda coffee place.
Got me.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
I'm back.
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Great, I'll see you then.
See ya.
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.
So how you two gettin' along?
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
So, you don't think I'm terminal?
Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
Nooo!
I'll be a fool for you. I'm sure, you know I don't mind.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Love....
No you know I don't mind.
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Weren't you nine?!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
No!
Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
And I'm in it? Then let me read it.
Come on.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Yes.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Easy tiger.
Man, didn't she like just get here?
Yeah!! Yeah!
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Hey, Pheebs!
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Hey!
Mornin' Pheebs!
Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Hey!
Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Aww, man!
Yeah that's better than my way.
Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Again true.
It's true.
Well that's pathetic!
And this goes for all guys?
Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
It's a great idea.
Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Happy plane-aversary.
Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Ah-ha! Okay, Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back.
Aww! I love you!
Oh my good God.
But, you're not identical twins.
Damnit Carl!
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Ross is Batman!
Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you're talking about.
Really?!
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.
I can't believe I'm going to lose this job!
Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
Mm! Night Gar'!
Um-hmm.
Mm! Seems like I would've remembered you!
So did you read your evaluation yet?
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Really?
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Are you alright?
Well, we are great guys.
What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?
I think it's great you guys are doing this.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Five more and I'll flash you.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Hey.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.
Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Uh-huh, yeah.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
You got a problem with that?
Hey, how'd the interview go?
Hhhiiii.
I don't want a beer.
Who said it was for you?
What's the matter with you?
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
What?!
I suppose mainly sexual.
Oh yeah, totally!
I love you so much.
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Oh good.
YEAH!!! YES!!!
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Oh my God.
I call Monica's room!
Okay, good luck with that.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
Hey!
Here we go.
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Eww, I don't wanna do that.
Ok, have a good break-up.
Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
No, forget it.
All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
Eight! Easy eight.
Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Okaaay, rock, hard place, me.
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
You really think so?
Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Oh, good.
Yeah! Here! Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
Okay.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Why, nobody good?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Why wouldn't they be happy?
Why haven't you told them?! Wouldn't they be happy?!
So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I'll see you then.
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Oh, so that's what this is for.
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
Sure is.
Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don't you?
Now get on out of here, you!
That's so funny, because I think I just did!
There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Get your hands out of there! No!
Let me see! Show them!
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
You told me.
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
Can you hear that?
Yeah?
Oh. Uh, I'm on.
Right.
You okay?
Phoebe moved out.
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
I do?
No, I am.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
Aww!
Okay.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
...Come on! Why are we here?!
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
Would you like some pancakes?
Okay, okay take a guess.
Well, I'm there too!
I am totally picturing you with all those women!
That's-that's not Phase Three.
Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
I found a dried up seashores.
Nope! Because I'm not your boyfriend. Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
Well, umm, my Mom's friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.
Sweety, what are you talking about?
Rent?
I don't know... um, Grease?
No....
Yes! Rent!
Not once!
No, we only went out once.
You dated her!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Are you serious?!
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
A pharmacist.
You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
You mean like, music?
Come in!
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
"Take good care of your Momma son."
Cut!!!!!!!!!!
Hello?
Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Yeah.
Woooo hoooo!!!
But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Absolutely.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
That was surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
I say we go with Careless Whisper.
Chandler?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
There you go.
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.
Hi everyone.
Beam me up Jesus.
What?
What does the sign say?
No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
That's great.
No, no, I'm still working on mine.
Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
But, we'll stay here with you.
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
That's cool.
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
You're obviously not their favorite pet.
They won't take you to the vet.
Chandler.
Joey.
You mean with Casey.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
No-no-no, I think I'm gonna see how things go with Kathy. She's pretty cool.
No.
Yes.
Oh!
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Food? Uh-huh gimme!
Since when are you into swing music?
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Why? Why can't you go to him?
Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
Of course! It's her favorite.
More of Grandma's teramisu.
What time is it now?
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Uh, 10:30.
4:30.
Is that Joey?! Let me talk to him!
Hey!
Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
No! Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Who is Maria?
You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Hey! Oh, good, Ross! You're parents like me, right?
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
I don't think you'll ever get my parents that drunk!
Yes, of course they like you!
You've got it.
Okay, absolutely!
All right.
Cookie, now you can punch him!
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
That's right.
Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Instead of...?
Never had that dream.
The man's got a point.
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
That's true.
Oh, hi!
Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Come on, two on one.
What, now?
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! Thank you, thanks.
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
I'm reading your ad.
Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
Oh! Pathetic!
Yeah?
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Chandler!
Geez! Are you ready?
Wow, you look...
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
But my clothes are-ohh!
No time for that!
Oh, God.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
You guys.
You got screwed.
I'm not breaking up with her!
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
God, look what I found in the drain.
And that's how you bought it?
When did you go to a sperm bank?
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Can I just say one thing?
Rachel, wait, wait.
No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
What? What?!
Ring dammit, ring!
Oh my.
Four letters: "Circle or hoop".
Thanks.
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
I could be a secretary.
I could do that.
I don't sound like that.
They do me?
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Oh, oh Chandler...
Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
My scones.
'My scones.'
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
What?
She wants to meet you in person.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
I'm not yanking you.
This is Janice.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
No, Janice.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Why? What happened now?
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
Here we go again.
I-I can't handle this, you guys.
All right Pheebs, your cab's ready.
Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Here you go.
Step away from the duck.
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Okay. All right.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Will you stop!
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Yes. Yes!
One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Good! That's good!
No, we'd just like to close them.
Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?
No-no.
Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. Would you come over here please?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
I got something for her. It's a book!
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
No he didn't.
Thank you!
You know, uh... Chandler got you a gift, too.
Yeah, he did, look... look, it's right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!
So there is no good time to ask that question.
Have you ever been with a woman?
What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Well it stupid, unfair question!
Don't blame the questions!
Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
Does for me.
Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
And lucky means, more cleavage?
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
We don't know what could make this go away.
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Oh no-no-no-no!
Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Hi!
Hey!
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
Drum roll.
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
What a baby.
Thanks man.
I gotta go check something over here.
Total wuss!
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
They tore it down a few days early.
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Really? To what?
I'm not seeing Monica.
Hey.
Have you seen Monica?
What?
Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Only here.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Forget it, that's off.
Yeah.
Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Why?!
Oh, hello Rachel.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name.
Hey, there he is! There he is!
You're not on TV.
Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now?
Hello New York!
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Keep talking.
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
What did you say?
Hi!
You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
That might work!
Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! Enh? All right, what do you think?
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Why?
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Who needs a lease when it's family!
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Noooo.
Oh, do you not want to?
Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Really?
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
She's bluffing!
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Monica.
I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
What?!
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
You are so cute.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. Oh, hi Joey!
The one that doesn't.
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
What is it?
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Who jumps at loud noises!
Wow! I could've died tonight.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Sure. Okay.
Yeah, I-I considered that. I just know it would make me happy.
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Whoa!
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Good luck!
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
I wanted it so bad! Wanna go pack?
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Okay!
No thanks, Josephine.
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Hey Chandler. Come on in. We're knitting pot holders.
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
I was tired!
Oh that's too bad.
What happened to Janine?
Oh, she's uh-uh really sick.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Yeah!
Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
No. Y'know how we're always saying we need a place for the mail.
Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
Hey!
Hey!
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
Come on.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?
Come on! I really need your help!
So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
Okay.
Yeah?
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Hey.
Oh no! What's the matter?
Y'know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.
You wanna share it?
Aww.
Wait a minute! My last Kit-Kat bar!
Okay!!
Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel?
What?!
Unagi. I'm always aware.
What's up?
Isn't she cute? No!
Hi!
I'm the student.
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
That is lucky.
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
Whoa, she's pretty.
Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
How is that worse?!
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
What?!! That's even worse!!
I don't know! But it's the same!
It was the ring!
Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Maybe it was the guy.
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you sure you're okay?
Ohh that's sweet!
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
'Sup? 'Sup dude?
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Ah, yeah!
So, what do you think?
I guess you don't.
Paolo made a pass at me.
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Really?
So-so you would've just lied?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Please, can't you help me out?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Mustached bastard...
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
We'd be eating our soup right now.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
Oh yes! Oh yes!
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
What? What? What?
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about?
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Count of three?
Yep!
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
One!
Oh, come on! I don't care! Come on! Whose is it?
Whose is it?
I don't want to say.
Diane Keeton.
You mean like for award shows?
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
Some of them.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Talk to me.
Oh, no-
Okay, it's in spasm.
Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident.
Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
He is?
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Yeah. No. No...
Really stupid.
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
What, now?
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
I did, but...
Oh, no I don't.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
So what does this mean?
And?
Its pretty ugly. We havent seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.
Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
Well, only if you order stuff.
Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.
Okay... ..whose turn is it?
What's up with the simian?
It's just a fur ball.
Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
I know. It's just such reckless spending.
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
That's me.
Mazel tov!
Where have you been?
Oh, just had a baby.
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
So, uh, how often can you do it?
It did at first, but not anymore.
Chandler?
As much as he needs.
Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
I don't know.
Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.
She's not Rachel.
No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing!
What? Nothing.
What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
Well what is it? Let me see.
Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
He won't? He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
And I'm in it? Then let me read it.
Look, maybe we should go?
No?
That's what I said.
No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Hey guys.
OK. Brake left, gas right?
OK.
Alright, here, you have to hold this.
Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Are you OK?
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
Do you not see it?
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
....................Yeah.
So, what're you gonna do?
Oh my... God?
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Well this one's for you.
Get out.
Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Some girl ate Monica.
Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Oh, you look so great.
So uh, which one is mine?
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Uh-huh.
Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. Not that one.
So how'd it go?
...spender.
She's still asleep.
Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Waaa-aaah.
Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
What?
Lick away my man.
So I got ya something.
Plastic spoons. Great.
These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.
Our next cocktail party?
There is no alley behind Macy's.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
You hear that? We're the guys.
Yeah, didn't he tell ya?
Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.
We're the guys.
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Nooo!
Please!
Wow! What's that like?
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
So, should I call him back?
Noo! NO!
Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too comfortable.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
What a geek!
What about you honey, who would be on your list?
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Everbody this is Frank! This is my half-brother Frank.
Oh, good job Joe.
So we are going on two?
All right!!
Wow, it's big!
Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Sorry, I just, any excuse to tell that story y'know....
I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.
Who?
The what?
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Tomorrow night.
Monica, what are you doing?
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Oh great, food with hair on it.
Oh man, pizza? I like pizza. Put olives on the pizza.
We could eat the wax! It's organic.
No, not the used wax.
Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
All right then, your bra would still be big.
No, I stuff outside the bra.
All right, forget it, nevermind, you can have mine.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
I'm talking about you. You big, big freak.
Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
'Cause it's-it's not his last name.
It isn't?
Oh, okay. There should be Gold Man!
Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem.
Hey.
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
Honey um, honey, you do realise that we don't keep the women's lingerie here in the office?
And is this in case the house sneezes?
Not one that can pee on the roof.
Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
No, no, that's the ghost for the attic.
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
That's what you say at the end of a date.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
I'll take her back tomorrow.
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
I don't know, maybe we weren't ready to have a chick.
Do you think we'll get our three bucks back?
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Well what is it?!
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
He's good with rear things, bring him in too.
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
Look, this isn't funny! You get back here right now!
How little?!
A couple of hours, I feel awful.
I can't!!
I-never borrowed your Walkman.
Fine!
You give me back my Walkman!
Well, then I lost it. You buy me one!
Oh-ho-ho, I don't think so!
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
Well, this is much better.
Two hours, that lasted!
Oh.
No he doesn't!
So did you break up with Joanna?
No, I almost did, couldn't leave Ross there without a spotter!
Hey.
Hey! So, did you quit?
Wait, now so you joined the gym?
Come in!
You mean like, music?
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
Hey! Oh God, is that Baywatch?
Like?
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
Yes. Right where?
In the beginning where y'know it's all sex and talking and sex and talking and...
And the sex?
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
Hello!
If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Yeah.
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Without me?!
Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Good one.
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
I'll see you tomorrow morning!
Okay!
Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this...
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
Why not?
Hey man.
Yeah baby!
Come on apartment! Come on apartment! Oh! I know queen is high!
Uh-huh, not as high as... It worked! King!
But, we pick again! We pick again!
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
I can't believe he did this.
What did you just say?
What?
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
What?
Way to be cool, man.
Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? Hey, Joey?
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
What's he talking about?
That was pretty intense huh?
Okay.
Come on.
Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Yeah you are!!
Morning, Ross.
I'm getting married, to..day!!
Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
My Giant? I love that movie!
You really think this is okay?
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway...
Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh...
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
So, I'll call you tomorrow.
Great!
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?
Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Yes!
Duh, where've you been?
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Why?
I can't believe it! We're here!
It's Le Poo.
I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
So, this isn't over?
Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
No I didn't!
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Yes, you did!
I am sorry, Ross.
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
I am sorry, Chandler.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
This took you all day?!
I am sorry, Ross.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
We can't do that.
Hey Bing! Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
Hi, nice to meet you!
Joey!
Joey?
Ma?
Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day.
Eh?
Really?
I'm gonna put on some music.
No, I want this to happen.
So do I.
Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you.
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
It-it doesn't?
No!
That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Okay, I freaked out a little.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Really?!
Hey.
We were just talking about you.
Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Hiya doin' pumpkin?
No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
Okay.
Nope.
So, what are you gonna do?
Ohhhh!
No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
I don't know. I'll just handle it-I'll ask you to talk to him!
Hey ladies! What are you in here for?
Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
I know! Don't switch hands, okay?
Hey Chandler, what are you doing here?
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
But we can go, right?
Can I give you a present now?
Happy plane-aversary.
Aww! I love you!
Okay!
Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love.
Ohh! You made up!
Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
Ohh, get a room.
If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
8. 8!
Thank you!
Yay!!
Here it is! Here it is!
Nobody move! Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
All right!
That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
Let's go!
No-no-no! We need something old!
That'll work!
Me too!
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
I don't want things to change! Do you?
Are you hugging the door right now.
I love you!
I love you!
No.
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
Y'know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Hey-hey!
Okay. Oh yes.
Hey!
These aren't for you! Are you upset?
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
So, that's it?
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Ross, we can handle this.
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
You left a shoe here?!
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
There's a lost and found? My shoe!
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
Still broken?
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Oh, So you can move them!
Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
What is the matter with you ?!?
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Ohh, I love birds.
What?
Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
Ohhh. Thanks Chandler they're great!
Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
What?
I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny.
No.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Joey, why is your cable out?
I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
Picking Rachel.
That's right. Did you hear something?
It's coming from the living room.
Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
Oh come on you big faker!
What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
Okay, if you really wanna have sex...
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Yeah?
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
No, there were two.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
There was just one woman, wasn't there?
Including me?
Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
This, this actually is a...
Hey!
Oh, yeah.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
Why not?
Oh.
Wow! You are way to young to have seen that!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
Oops! Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Oh, tell her good luck with that.
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Anyone else? Huh? Bring 'em on!
Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Oh that's so funny because we found someone too.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
'Cause that's just your taste.
Our new fridge? I don't live here anymore.
Is this a service you're providing me?
No! No! No! For my new fridge-our new fridge!
So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
You know the hotels?
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Sure! I was there! Spring Break '81! Woo-hoo!
Oh-oh, what are you doing?
And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
Oh, I love that guy!
What am I doing?
Hey!!
Op, op, car! Car!! Ugh!!!
Oh, it's Ross on one of his drives!
Hi!
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Okay.
I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask!
See you later.
What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
Thank God!
Do you have my credit card?
Yes, it's in my... In...in my pocket. My back pocket! My back pocket!
Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
What did you guys just do?!
What happened?
What?! Noooo...
Well, what'd you do?
It's happened to you?
Yeah! Once.
I did it anyway.
What?!
Thanks.
Hey, you know our phone's not working?
I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
How is that ever going to happen?!
Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Already?!
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Ehh.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Really?
Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
How?
The hot chicks?
...Come on! Why are we here?!
Okay, okay take a guess.
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Say again?
Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
He does?
That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
What are you doing?
Waiting for candy.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
Oh yes!
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
You serious?
Okay, get ready to owe me!
Monica!
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
Oh no! No! No!
She's sleeping.
Hey-hey are you drunk?
Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what's going on.
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking.
Do you mind telling us what it is?
Sorry, I'm kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
Hey!
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
You bought a boat?
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Thanks Joey, that's a good idea.
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
I... Well, I don't think they need any help.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
Who wrote it?
I know!
So, what do you think?
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Yeah! You?
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
No one was around to hear that?
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
So what'd he say?
Alright, so what's it about?
There's another carton right over there.
Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.
Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?
Oh yeah? That's great!
Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?
Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
What?
But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Yeah, well...
Yeah baby!
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
We could get that Everest video though.
Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
You didn't find her?
No, I've looked everywhere!
Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
You wanna play?
Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
That was Joey!
I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Joey, I saw you push him!
What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
You pushed him!
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Well, that's not true, he-he smacked you once.
With him? You're is favourite, you're his guy!
We never get smacked.
Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?
Uh, sure, why not.
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. Get up! Get up! Get up!
Uh, yeah.
Yeah!
Okay. Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Okay. We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.
Why not?
What?! I'm Chandler! Oh, that's Richard!
I know, but just let me say it.
Oh my God, Richard.
Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard!
Your last roommate's kidney?
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?
That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.
Oh come on!!
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
Okay, seriously, what do you think?
Hi.
All right.
Go.
Hi.
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Oh.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
He's right, even if it's to say something complementary.
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
What?!!
Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
Oh, no thanks.
Well, if you don't have anything to copy, why are you going down there?
Tickets please! That's courtside baby!
Why?!
I don't know!
Seriously, good game though. Good game. What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Those were like the best seats ever.
Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
It was.
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Probably because...
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
I am so, so, so, so sorry!
Let me get this straight man, you attacked your ex-wife?!
Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? That-that's a no.
Uh-huh.
What about the time difference?
The country.
No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
From here to the airport?
What's going on?
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.
He's retiling my floor.
So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
Something wrong?
No. Nothing.
Okay well, he would turn things to gold.
Uh-huh.
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
You, you want, you want me to move out?
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
All right, maybe I should call her.
Did she call?
No, sorry.
No! Forget her, man! You don't need her, you don't need that!
Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
No! That's-that's my arm!
Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead.
Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Okay!
Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one?
B-bye!
Bye.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
They put you in jail?
The little jail between the doors!
I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
So-You got in voluntarily?!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Bye, Pheebs.
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Nope, not under here!
Okay!
Emily?!
You didn't find her?
Yes.
I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
And you feel like we hold you back.
Oh!
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.
Hey sweetie.
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
No-no-no-no!
All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
Okay.
YES!!
I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
Where the hell have you been?!
Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Ok.
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Hey, hey, look at that talent.
Yeah me too.
Hey.
Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .
I know. Yeah.
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.
What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
Okay, you hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.
Hey, opposite, is opposite!
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
We should?
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
What a wank!
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! You wanna go shotgun?
Yeah, losers talk!
No, no, no, actually losers rhyme.
Yeah!
Okay, let's play my game now.
What about things that are already gold?
Ahh, his work is done.
Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!!
What happened?
I like it in the stern. ...of the boat. Hello.
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
I thought your time ran out.
Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more-
Oh.
Oh uh, when?
What?
Yeah, she broke up with me.
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Open it up, let me see.
Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Ooh, God it looks bad.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Okay, get out of my kitchen!
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Hi!
That is one good looking man!
Sooo, you've been doing this long?
Ohhh.
Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Oh, god.
Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Nice to meet you.
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Chandler!
We're in a relationship?
Really? Okay. Great!
Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship!
I'm afraid so.
Yes, it is.
Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
But it's available now! Isn't it?
Hey, let's go look at it!
Ohhhhh!
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Oh, fine! Take his side!
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
Oh, do you not want to?
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one.
What?!
What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Uh, HELLO!!
You okay man?
Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
Hi.
Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!!
No!
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Okay, here you go. I have two queens, what do you have?
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
All right.
A two and a five.
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
Oh, thank you Chandler! I just bought it.
What's the matter with him?
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
I don't know, I-I was all high.
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
It's my joke.
Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Let's go watch it at your place.
Because you're the only one that can be fair.
Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Why do I have to decide?
Yeah.
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Was his question what's more boring than him?
Bye.
Bye-bye. Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut.
Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
Hey there you are!
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Okay, come here! Come here.
Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Sure! Okay, you go first.
Okay!
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Who the hell is Carl?!
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Chandler, Chandler.
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
I think so. Yeah, get off me.
All right!
Hey, do we do this too much?
Yeah.
I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off!
I love you so much.
You sure?
Uh-hmm.
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
Chandler, what were you thinking?
Chandler?
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Oh my God! That is so good!
Hey!
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
What?! What?!
Sorry!
Gotcha!
That doesn't sound like thinking to me!
Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey!
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Eh!
Hey!
And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Uh-huh.
Well no, but um.
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
I can't believe we live here!
Awwwww!! Awwwwwww!!!
People can hear you.
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
What?
I don't want to move again!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
It's up to you.
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Oh, hi! How are you doing?
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
What?
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Yeah.
Cool.
Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Thank you.
No freakshow, she's fictional.
Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
It's just that, I, I'm gonna miss Joseph. I liked him. His wife, she was hot.
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Yeah, Big Brother.
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
Well, John McLane had plans!
What are you talking about? Bitch.
How much did I love The King and I?
Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?
Ross! Stop it! Come on!
Chandler!
Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
Or! You can just, y'know...
Hey! You okay?
Okay.
Oh! And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee!
Ooh, something hurts!
Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Oh.... my.... God.
Hey, it's Janice.
No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
You got it.
C'mon, Ross!
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
This is for the fourth grade.
Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
Hi, oh hi.
Is not.
Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
I'm not arguing with that.
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Ah, yeah!
Wow! Hello, Mr. Chandler.
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Oh, that was my work laugh.
Really? Your work laugh?
All right, check me out.
Awesome!
Why don't you just go out with her!
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
I don't want to say.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
Well, what is the other reason?
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Oh, you get used to it.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
Hey!
Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
What?!
Well, what did the police say?
What's wrong buddy?
Someone at work ate my sandwich!
My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
It is?
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
That's fine.
Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Okay, fine, fine. You don't want to believe me? No, that's fine.
I'm gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
I'm gonna call after you!
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Why don't you just call her?
Do you?
That's funny, I saw no phlegm.
'Kay!
Bye.
No-no, she really is sick!
Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
What-what's so funny?
Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there's none of that in here.
Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
I knew it!
What?!
Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
I don't care, I'm not going anywhere.
Oh, seriously you want him?
No, I got him.
No, seriously.
Hello.
You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Alright, well, be good, I love you.
O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
They're still just friends, right?
Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
And I will see you tomorrow!
I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Marcel?
I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.
Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
Marcel?
What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong.
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
Oh, my.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
It doesn't say that. Does it?
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
People are trying to sleep in here!
Open it up, let me see.
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
What?
Yes, it is, at Office Max.
What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm busy.
Hey. Man, it is so hard to shop for girls.
What did you get her?
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
...I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.
I'd carry you around in my pocket.
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
I love you.
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
I sure did.
Why?
Well, you're amazing.
Oh come on you big faker!
It's all very, very good. So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
Not now, I'm sick!
What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
So have you called her yet?
When we were?
How young is young Ethan? Young?
He's... our age.
Okay, he's a senior in college.
So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Bob here.
Oh, hi.
Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
So, what're you gonna do?
Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
I've never slept with someone for a part.
No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
Great, you can cover Chandler.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
How did you? How? How?
So, I hear you're single now...
Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Well, I've got a girl in here.
No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
I'm still on London time, does that count?
Okay.
Bye.
That counts!
Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
I've had a very long, hard day.
Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Okay.
I think I do! Thank you, Monica.
Really?
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
I thought you could use the help.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
I'm Monica.
Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever...
Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Dude! How come you took off?
Is something wrong?
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
Were you're parents happy, or something?
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
What does it say?!
I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
Thanks! So are you.
That's it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe's old massage place is getting fired.
That's right! You lose sucker!! Please still marry me.
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
That's right! You lose sucker!! Please still marry me.
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Give him money? It was a joke!
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Of course, sir.
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
Oh.
What?
If you didn't have your shirt tucked into them.
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
...The second guy.
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Which one?
Well, call me if you change your mind.
Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
Ow!
I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
I am totally picturing you with all those women!
Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
Really?!
That's-that's not Phase Three.
Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
No, did he hug you?!
No! No! It's just that, my dad never did. I miss my dad.
Hey Chandler?
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? She-she-she's hurting me.
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Aww, Joey, come here. Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
Is that a problem?
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
You really think that is what he meant?
What, what, what?!
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.
Oh, I don't know, a million?
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Oh my god. How many of those have you had?
Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
Hey!
Hey-hey, check out the hat!
Seriously, where did you get the hat?
Big bullies!!
No! No!
Oh, come on!
Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
Ohh yes.
So uh, which one is mine?
Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. Not that one.
Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.
Hey, look, what do you want from me?
What?
Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
Great! Okay, here.
All right.
Guys? I've got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
That's what Monica said.
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
What?! Tonight?!
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
Stick to your side!
I can give it a shot.
Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
Hey, come on now!
He took my joke, he took it.
Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
What?! Noooo...
We didn't ruin it!
All right.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Go.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Well, it involved Monica.
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
Not once did we do that.
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Hi.
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Oh, that is so sick.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Yeah. Right.
You got me.
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Good, and hey! My treat. But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Oh, you're totally welcome! What'd she say?
She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
It was my racquet.
I was frustrated with you!
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Can you blame him?
Well then we still have a problem.
Monica.
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Chandler!
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Oh! What is that? What is that?
Come on, let me see that smile.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
Uh, Julie.
Yeah?
Hi everyone.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Hey-hey, now he's showing us his poking device.
Hey, that's never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
Love....
Hi! How are you?
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
Yeah!
Hello, Joanna......'s office.
Hello, Joanna......'s office.
Yeah!
Hi! How are you?
I'm really sorry but I may be a little while longer.
How little?!
Hello, Joanna......'s office.
I'm really sorry but I may be a little while longer.
A couple of hours, I feel awful.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
Hey.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Hey, Janice.
Here we go.
Ok, have a good break-up.
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Oh no-no-no, I'm, I'm paddling away!
Dude, you don't have to brag! We got nothing here!!
Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.
Huh?!
What are you doing?
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Okay.
You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the cushions.
Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I'm gonna go see my agent.
...look both ways before you cross the street.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Chandler, Chandler.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.
Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.
We still have porn.
Well at least, I'm going to mute it.
Oh no-no-no!
Hey.
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
I'm gonna have to give him up.
I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
That-that's bad?
Well, y'know, sometimes that helps.
Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
Well if you go to Disneyland, you don't spend the whole day on the Materhorn.
Well it's not Sean Penn.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
I didn't realize that.
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Yeah.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
What are you doing?!
Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Frankie? What're you talking about?
Hey, what's goin' on?
What?
Well, close to...
Well, I have some.
How much?
Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
I had them made special.
That's fine.
Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
The country?
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
But don't you need experience for a job like that?
Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.
I don't care, she slept with me.
What do you mean?
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Anyway sweetie, I am, I'm so sorry I ruined your night.
Okay man.
Yes.
Thanks man.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Seven times!
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
Is that what you're thinking about right now?
No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Kinda like your Barca lounger.
I never stop thinking about it.
Ohh!
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
It's older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo.
Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She's coming!
You can be the best man when I get married.
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
I'll never get to be a best man!
Okay, fine, $300.
Monica.
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
300 dollars?!
You mean the spitter?
Water it is.
What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
Come on! It wasn't that bad!
Come on, tell me.
I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
Well, it doesn't matter what I would do.
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Because it's too delicious.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Waaa-aaah.
What?
Yeah, so.
Great!! That's great!
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Uh actually Joey, it's the Cretasous period.
It's Clint! Clint!
See you later, Gene.
Bye, Gene.
What's up with Gene?
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Hey!
So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Oh, how'd that happen?
You want me to wear your panties?
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
Could ya?
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
You want me to wear your panties?
Could ya?
OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Just a little bit of sugar.
So how do you kids like your coffee?
Oh, none for me. Thanks.
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
Okay, one more time.
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents.
Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
And she's back in the game.
Hello Skidmark.
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Hi, Nina. Come on in.
You wanted to see me?
Which is bad, because?
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Are you not seeing him anymore?
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Well, Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey.
No, he's right, I'm totally lying.
Then what is it?
And you're afraid you won't be able to...fill his shoes.
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Let us keep the apartment and...
I'm intrigued.
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh...
No-no-Really?!
Of course!
Ohh, I'm sorry.
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
No.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Aw.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? Y'know, something a little snugglyer?
Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go..
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Oh my God, I'm late.
Okay.
Well Monica just told me that they don't.
Hey! Oh, good, Ross! You're parents like me, right?
Yes, of course they like you!
Yeah, they don't like you.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
That was...so good.
Hey.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
You kissed him?!
Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Thanks Chandler.
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Name one!
Sounds great.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Okay.
I'm back.
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.
I know.
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....
Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.
I know. Thanks.
I'll go.
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Fine.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
No!
So you're strong enough to face her on your own?
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
They make you take an oath?
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
No, I can handle it. No, I'm a professional.
Op, y'know what though, it's kind've a girlie briefcase.
Ohh.
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Who cares? He works in a museum!
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
No!
Chandler!
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Oh, yay...
Okay.
Hello? Oh, Pheebs! It's Phoebe!
Great...
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Without my toe?! I need my toe!
God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
It's too late, all we can do now is sow up the wound.
Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche!
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Hey!
It's almost our anniversary!
Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
This is not a sign!
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
Picking Rachel.
Yeah!
Do you know what's a bad idea?
That's right. Did you hear something?
Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here.
Hi! Hey!
Do you guys know any cute guys?
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
There I am!
Are you okay?
What?!
Hi. Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
This is Patrick.
Hi.
Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! Come on! Rachel?
So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Hey, Lowell.
Hey, Chandler.
It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
I-I-I gotta go, I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.
We're not gonna talk about girth are we?
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Nooo!
I wanna quit the gym.
Okay. I wanna quit the gym.
You wanna quit?
You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
That's one?
There are seven?!
Let me see that. Oh, yeah.
It's kind of an important one!
Maybe we shouldn't pay our phone bill-free phone sex.
Do we pay for this?
No, we didn't even pay our cable bill-maybe this is how they punish us.
Maybe we shouldn't pay our gas bill?
Hello! Little ones.
Oh God.
Oh, you're such a cheater!
Hey!
Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
I'm intrigued.
All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
No, sir.
Nice to meet you Monica. Bing!
Say uh, Bing, did you hear about the new law firm we got working for us?
Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.
Really?
Oh God!
Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I do it too.
Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
I gotta check out this hot girl! There she is!
Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
Damnit!! Did you move?!
You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Yeah, right.
I'm good.
Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Ohh-oh, chilling!
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
Don't worry, it's out there! I think I just need lunch.
Too dry.
Okay!
Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?
Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?
We actually missed it.
Why else would we be here?
Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
Well, maybe you wouldn't have had you run in the chapel!
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
Well that would help the pride thing.
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Hey!
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
Nah, not my game.
Well, what's it called?
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
Really?
Chandler!
I don't know what it is, I just can't take a good picture.
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
Oh my God! That's the creep that you're with at the Statue of Liberty.
Oh, here's a great one.
We'll watch him.
Jacket now.
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
I don't think tho.
You mean they like you.
Stop making candy!
But they like it!
Maybe.
Hey, it's me.
Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks.
Hello?
It's Chandler! Are you OK?
I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
What?
I have no idea what you just said.
Hey, sweetums.
Great.
Hi, honey.
Hello to the rest.
I think somebody has a crush on somebody.
Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'
Hey, Chandler, can we please stay focused on my problem here?! Y'know?
Gotcha!
Sick-sick-sick-sick.
Oh, I'll get it.
That doesn't sound like thinking to me!
Condoms, dude!
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
What do you got there?
How come the writing is in Spanish?
Oh my god!
What?
Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
I know! That's why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Yeah, so?
Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Okay, this one I like!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Joey, can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah, it's in there.
Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
I know, I can do this.
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Ooh, and I can do this.
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
I'm crying here!!
Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Okay.
Turn! Turn!
Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh... There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured...
What do we use to split it?
Okay! All right, pick a half.
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Wouldn't you be?
Really?
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Really?
Well, not anymore.
Staying out of the way.
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
What is your job?
This is impossible Monica, why don't you just pick all 15?
Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.
Hey.
Hey!
Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.
Well, not at first.
No. No!
Hello, Rachel.
What is she doing here?
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
Cool.
Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
Waaa-aaah.
I've found.
I know.
I know.
I've found....
Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I'll wait for you. Do you even know how long you're going to be gone?
Oh. Well, I'll right you everyday. 15 Yemen Road, Yemen.
Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
Well, it just seems that...
You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
Have you seen Joey?
No, that is what the game is.
Which you just gave up really quickly.
What's the matter?
Oh no-no-no-no!
Why would he turn off the TV?
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
We don't know what could make this go away.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Oh, that's mature.
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
Oh yeah, come here.
Okay, fine, so now what, I just pull it off?
Right!
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. Don't do the dance.
I think you're my favorite.
Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. Are you okay?
Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
Ow!
What? Who the hell is Emily- noooo!!
They're in Vermont!! How could this happen?!
How-how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
What?!
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
Ohh.
Absolutely! Y'know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
Eh!
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey!
Oh, my, god!
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Helloo!!
Geez, look how fat she got.
Top of the world? Dock of the bay? I'm out.
Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! Whew! This is getting ridiculous uh!
What am I sitting on?
Ew-eww!! Undies!
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Then all your stuff would be here.
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
What did you tell them?
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
That's... That's was...
Oh, Chandler.
Hi Chandler!
Oh my God!
Well, I've got a girl in here.
No time for that!
Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Well if people don't know they shouldn't just guess!
Do you know why?
I dunno, maybe it's because you're really sarcastic. Or maybe it's cause you uh-
This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
See now it feels like Christmas!
I dunno what it is, it just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
Oh, here.
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Hey Joe what's up?
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
Hey you guys.
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout. See ya.
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
...He's in.
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
Wow, this is wild. What're you gonna get?
Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.
So where you gettin' it?
Buddy?
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Where's Buddy?
My fish, Buddy.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area.
This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Bye, good luck.
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
What does she mean by HH?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
I say, punch him Joey.
Yeah! Punch him!!
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
And now you're giving me the message!
Hey!
So uh, Emily called last night...
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
All right, but you can't use that again for a whole year. I'm in.
Op, op, I'm convinced!
Come on man, you know I'd do it for you! Because, you're my best friend.
All right!
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Umm...
Wait up!
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
All right, buddy!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Come on, it's fun!
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
No! No, you smell like a meadow. I'm sorry.
What's with him?
Ugh!
Where ya going?
Aww Pheebs, that sucks!
Yeah, well, don't "Aww Pheebs, that sucks!" me yet.
Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Hi.
Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Shall I carve?
By all means.
I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Hello, children!
Hey!
Really?!
Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Yeah, come on! What's going in on in there?
Yeah. And y'know, if you wanna cry, that's okay too.
Come on! Chandler!
Uh, uh.
No, no, no.
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Well?
I have no idea.
I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Which goes where?
Done with the bookcase!
Yeah, well, lucky for you.
I saw you checking me out during the game last night.
You didn't even take off your pants.
What?
Thank you, Joey.
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I'm doing something exciting and I don't wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y'know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
No-no, thank you.
Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Maybe we shouldn't pay our gas bill?
Whoa, hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
You still on that?
You are way off, pal.
No, our guy is just a floating head.
Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
Have you seen your guy's body?
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
What?
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
Do you realize you get louder each week?
There's still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow..."
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
Fat?!
You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
All right!
Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Hey Joe!
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Could I play?
Dude that is so sad.
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal.
I'm not mad.
Really?!
Great!
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.
Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
And why not?!
You're-you're what?!
So, basically just a Chinese guy.
Hi Monica.
Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.
Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
More of Grandma's teramisu.
That dies with me.
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
4:00 A.M.
So, can I get some candy?
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
That's fun.
Here you go.
Thank you. Hey Pheebs!
Uh, hey!
Hi, guys!
Hi!
What's going on?
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
What are you talking about?
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn't believe me.
And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.
Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.
He is so amazing.
Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate.
More importantly, was I any good?
Well, you were pretty damn good.
Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
To my best bud. Thanks best bud.
Put it on.
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
You guys ready fore the movies?
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there.
You sure?
Uh-huh!
Thanks daddy.
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
Yeah, I gotta go.
Hey.
Cookie?
Are you okay, sweetie?
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Carol moved her stuff out today.
Oh-no, y'know with Gandolf we'd be out all night!
I can't believe he didn't come!
So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
And I just want a million dollars!
Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
Rachel?!
Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
Oh, no-
Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Thank you. Uh...
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net...
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
It doesnt matter. You dont dip your pen in the company ink.
How about Joey... Pepponi?
Nooo...
This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.
No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Sure.
No problem.
Petrie.
Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Petrie.
Oooooooooh. Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
I'm hurt.
Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.
Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.
Here we go, here we go.
That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.
All right, I'm going. I'm going.
Rossy, Rossy.
... And where's this money coming from?
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Men are here.
We make fire. Cook meat.
Ewww!
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
Remembered what?
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
But...
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
How is that the silver lining?
You have to really wanna see it.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
How is that the silver lining?
Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you.
Hello? Hi.
Needs some clothes altered?
Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
I don't know, I don't know.
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Frankie? What're you talking about?
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
Joey was in a porno movie.
Huuh.
You were in a porno?
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
The Ice Capades?
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Together.
No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
All of us.
Not at the concert.
Oh my... God?
Oh my God!
Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Well is she...
Sorry.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
What's this?
Hey. Hold on a second. Huh?
Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.
Eight hundred and twelve bucks.
I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
No, I'm alright, thanks.
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
I'm Gail.
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Buddy?
My fish, Buddy.
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
Hey, man. What's up?
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me!
So, you don't think I'm terminal?
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
Yeah, you do.
Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
I like her.
Wow! This girl is good.
Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
What is this?
It's a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
Oh, no thanks.
Well it's very unsettling.
I have the lung capacity of a two year old.
Then why are you smoking?
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
So, what do you thing the good news is?
I love you, love you.
Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Oh?
Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
Yeah, I think she looks good.
Ohh, thank you.
Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Oh, sure! I'm sure.
I know.
Ennnh.
I've got canned goods.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Ennnh.
Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Why can't you tell her?
What happened?
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
'Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to-
...and then it got canceled.
Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut...
Oh, it looks great!
Well, I could cut it.
Really?! You do that?
...and then it got canceled.
Well, I could cut it.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Really?! You do that?
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
You have really great hair.
What-what 'cha doin'?
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I'm basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.
Checking to see if it's even.
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Oh no-no-no. This is amazing.
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
Hello, children!
Oh yeah!
Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
Hey!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Really?!
Sure! Where are the seats?
I got it! Scotch... tape.
Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh!
No-no, not for like another two weeks.
How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
No they didn't!
Tickets please! That's courtside baby!
Seriously, good game though. Good game. What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Hey!
We are switching back, right now!
We took our apartment back!!
I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
We are switching back, right now!
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
I don't know.
Totally worth it!
Let us keep the apartment and...
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
That was one good minute!
Because I'm cooler.
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Oh, how'd that happen?
No, seriously.
You be cool.
Diverse.
Did anybody call for security?
Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? Hey, Joey?
Marry me.
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
He will, Joe.
Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.
So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!
Yeah, but what if he doesn't? He's such a good duck.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
No, that's all right.
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
No, you should.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
Now, don't argue with me...
Thanks man.
14?
No, 19.
Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
Total wuss!
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
What do you got there?
Don't read my condoms!
Condoms, dude!
How come the writing is in Spanish?
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
You got your passport?
Oh! Got 'em right here, check!
It's all London, baby! Here we go.
Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don't want to lose that.
All right! Let's do it!
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Woo-hoo!!
Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying.
Yeah, cheerie-o!
London baby!
London baby!!
Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
Thank you.
I am, I'm ignoring you.
Oh, do you need a hug? You don't have to bring me anything!
Come on! Do something!
Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.
Oh, what the hell is that?
I am, I'm ignoring you.
Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Oh, what the hell is that?
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
I got it! Here we go.
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
I got it! Here we go.
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
To Put the Camera Away!!!
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
Really? To what?
Man, you are Westminster Crabby.
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Well, I like it. Here you go.
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Well, I like it. Here you go.
Oh, I embarrass you?
How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you?
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Oh, I embarrass you?
He's just jealous. You'll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
They're all tourists.
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
Good choice.
Thanks.
How you doin'? Joey Tribbiani, America.
Well, this is just as boring in England.
Okay, how do you feel now?
Well, I like you less!
Hey.
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Hey.
Oh. Sorry!
Me too.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Your different here too. Your mean in England.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Out loud?
I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
I was laughing.
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
So how are you doing?
Out loud?
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Then why would he say it?
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Morning, Ross.
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
I'm getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!
I'm getting married, to..day!!
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
Nope.
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Nope.
Yep, yep...You?
Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Yep, yep...You?
Well...I'd better get going.
Oh yea yea, absolutely.
Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.
Well...I'd better get going.
Could you not look?
I don't want to look.
Oh yea yea, absolutely.
Could you not look?
Hello?
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
Oh my god!
I know! That's why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
Oh my God! It's like a fairyland.
Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
Okay.
I do. I do. I do.
Really?
What we did last night was....
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
Stupid.
Totally crazy stupid.
What we did last night was....
Stupid.
What were we thinking?
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
Okay.
Well, that went well. Yeah.
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Hey.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
In a foreign, romantic country...
Seven times!
Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
I blame London.
Bad London!
In a foreign, romantic country...
I blame London.
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Bad London!
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Only here.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Emily? Emily? I'm coming in.
Well, look at that, same thing.
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Your sister Joan is crazy.
How did you get in here?
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Your sister Joan is crazy.
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Fifteen minutes.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
But my clothes are-ohh!
Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Or 45.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Or 45.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
That's cool.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
Uhh, no.
'Kay!
Can I ask you something?
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Hey!
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Yeah, so?
Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this?
No, the quiet down thing!
You mean this.
Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
No, the quiet down thing!
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
You mean this.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
Okay, so he's out of here.
YES!!
Uh fellas,
Um-hmm.
I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Well, yeah actually.
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
We are! Help us!
Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it.
Long!
I can't believe you let them win!
I was frustrated.
It was my racquet.
Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it.
I was frustrated.
I was frustrated with you!
Oh, you get used to it.
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!
It's so good, isn't it?
Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Good-bye muscles!!
It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Say good-bye to sore muscles!
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Good-bye muscles!!
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Hey.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
Done.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Hey!
Hey!
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
I can't believe this!
Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
Hi!
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Hi.
Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
I tried! They won't take her back.
Rach, why won't they take it back?
All right, bye-bye now!
You got it!
All right!
Bye!
Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
Chandler! What are you doing here?
Hey!
Why?!
Wow!
All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Doing it on this table.
Exellent dream score.
What are you talking...
Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
No it is not!
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Really?
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
"Benefits lapsed."
Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Let me see that!
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
When did I try to give you money?
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
I'm so sorry you're sick.
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Ohh!
I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
You realize what you are don't you?
Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.
That's a line from the show too!
Okay, you watch too much TV.
Thanks! Yeah, there's pulp in that.
This, this actually is a...
Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Now, it's you little bunny friend.
Hey!
No! You're the sweetest!
You are just the sweetest.
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
Okay ladies, that ends today's class, and let's remember, let's be safe out there.
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
What's a Movement class?
God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? I warned her about those candles.
Chandler, is that...
Oh that's great! Good for you.
God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
Chandler, is that...
Hey-hey listen...
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
Oh that's great! Good for you.
Hey-hey listen...
When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Hi! I'm back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, we'll do it then. Okay, bye-bye.
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Hey listen, so when's-when's my audition? I mean I know it's Thursday, but what time?
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Hi.
Hey!
Ah-ha!
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Ah-ha!
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey.
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
My friend's name is Joey.
Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
The nerve huh?
Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!
Yeah!
Refill?
The nerve huh?
Yeah!
Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?
Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
I couldn't do it.
You couldn't do it?!
What?! You're going out with her again!
Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
What?! You're going out with her again!
Going out with who?
Oh yeah! Wasn't she uh...
No, that was Dana Caplin.
Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
Oh yeah! Wasn't she uh...
Ohhhh!
I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!"
What did you do on yours?
I went to Egypt with my dad.
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
All right.
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
Y'know what Phoebe? This isn't really worth the free massage.
That's right Patrick, bye-bye!
No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! What is the matter with you guys?
Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Sorry! I-I-I don't know what to say.
Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
Oh, well I'm uh...
Well that's good. Because you didn't! And I'm incredibly happy for ya!!
Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Oh wow! Okay man, I'm sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
That's mean! You really had me going there!
Oh, I can't go.
Thank God!
Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
Come on! It'll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and... Paul probably...
It's Paris, who knows we're here!
Bonjour, monsieur.
Okay, don't say anything, you might scare it away.
Hi Pheebs, what's up?
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Awww. But still no.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Awww. But still no.
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
I think I should get the chair!
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
How do you figure?
Two!
Count of three?
One!
Two!
Well I think it's safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Two!
Three!
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e...
Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey!
Hey!
Oh, dude I'm so sorry!
No! No! No!
Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e...
Oh, dude I'm so sorry!
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
They're in my bag over there.
No! No! No!
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
Ah.
No I-I-I'm fine.
Yeah.
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
Yeah baby! No baby!
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
This is crazy.
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
I gotta go!
Hey.
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
I'd love it if you would do it.
When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
Really? I can do it?
Hey!
But those are the words! Those exact words!
I'd love it if you would do it.
Hey!
Well I don't know remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Hey-hey.
So are guys doing okay?
Yeah baby!
Gap commercial. So did you book them? Did you call?
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Chandler.
I will.
Do you want me to call?
Gap commercial. So did you book them? Did you call?
I will.
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Oh yeah...
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Could you guys help me?
Smooth.
But-but this block is like a whole other world.
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Excuse me?
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Hey...
NOW!!!!!!!!
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
Huh.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Hey!
Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Really? Right across the street?
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Yeah!
When'd you meet her?
Really? Right across the street?
Yeah!
Two days ago.
Excellent! Y'know Ross met somebody too!
When'd you meet her?
Two days ago.
Oh yeah?
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Hi! How'd it go?
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Kristen Lang.
Bye!
Okay.
Okay, bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
Joey got meat sauce on the banister again!
Yeah bye-bye! Hey! So just a light layer?
Yes. Yes. Just here and there .
Yeah, swing music is so out.
What are you guys talking about?
Yeah, swing music is so out.
Phoebe, he's gotta be in the room for that to work.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
But I love swing music!
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
But I love swing music!
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Well, what is the other reason?
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
So how'd it go?
Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
You pick one.
All right, how about the ladybugs?
Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
I know you do. Me too. So what now?
I guess we just keep dancing.
Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Yeah, I do, yeah.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
Okay. It's a chicken.
Hey!
I got you something! Open it! Open it!
It's cute, huh?
Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Hi.
Hey!
Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
I'm sorry man, I didn't-I'm-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Hey!
What's going on?
Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here it doesn't hurt that bad.
Oh, are we playing this?!
Yeah, whatever.
It's your turn.
Hey.
Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Oh, well I'm uh...
Oh wow! Okay man, I'm sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
Well where... Where did she go?
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn't believe me.
To her parent's I think and she said you shouldn't call her. But if I were you I would.
No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
The second sister dies?!
The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
You must stop!
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Shut up!
That only took me an hour.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
Alright, well, be good, I love you.
For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something.
That's great!
Excellent!
That is so good! Do it again!
Your boyfriend is so cool.
Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.
So'd you guys have fun?
Really?
Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's.
Monica, you don't know that.
Well, who's voice was that?
Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
All right, that's it, give me your underwear.
But, I never left the room!
But, you left the chair area.
WHOAA!!
Noo.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Fine with me.
Well then maybe you should take it.
Well then maybe I will.
Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.
Excellent hole, Joe.
I've got canned goods.
Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Oh no! No!! My hole!!
I can't believe you don't know what I do for a living!
Nooo.
Oh. What do you do?
Yeah, I actually don't know...
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
You're actually going through with this?
