No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
Again?
And again, and again, and again... Hello? And again.
Well?
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
The bigger half.
That's so sweet.
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Oh, no...
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Light still out?
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
Really?
Hey, I thought you already had one.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
Chandler?
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Thank you.
That's fine.
Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
What? Why, why would...
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
We have good news, look whose back!
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Okay.
Wow!
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Hey!
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You must stop!
That only took me an hour.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
Really?
Chandler!
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
What else did you think about?
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Bye, Pheebs.
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
I am pretending.
Well then, do it better!
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
Down at the docks again?
Night-night Bing-a-ling.
Here's my binoculars.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Hi.
Hi.
Stop it Chandler. I'm sorry too.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
You know what the. . .
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Oh, that's too bad.
I'll survive.
What if we have to pee?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
You're actually going through with this?
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Hey, this is so unfair!
Oh, why is it unfair?
...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
You were gonna propose?
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. This is the real him.
Oh.
Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Have you been here all night?
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Wait, we can't do this.
Why?
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Okay!
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Uh huh. Why is that?
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
That game should not be played without my supervision.
What's in the bag?
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
So why don't you quit?
Who is Maria?
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
Oh John! Great!
Here he is.
Wow! I would trade.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
I talked to Janice.
Oh my God, is she going back to him?
What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey.
Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Oh my God.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
You OK?
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Really?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
What?
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
We've got a box.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Will you get us better gifts?
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
Listen to me!!
Juice, I need...
Yeah, okay.
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Yeah!
Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Ohh...
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
I don't know you guys.
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
What?!
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
You really think so?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
Ahhhh-I'm not going to call you.
What?
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
That's a good idea for a business!
That-that is a good trick.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Ohh.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Really?
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
What?! Anything! Anything!
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Really?
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
What, what is that?
Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
Hi!
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Come on, don't do this.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
She is now.
What are you saying?
How? How is your fault?
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
No.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Ohh, so?
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Hey!
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
You're a little high maintenance.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
So have you called her yet?
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Hey Pheebs!
Hey!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
Oh.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
It doesn't scare me!
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Honey, this will help.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
The balloon?
I can't, I gotta go.
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
How? How is your fault?
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
I think you'll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.
Oh yay!
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Yes, and grumpy.
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.
Can't we just use a pen?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
So what. I say, punch him.
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Keep going.
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
You probably want us to move in together?
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
That's him.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
What do you mean?
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
That's fine!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
We want candy! We want candy now!
Candy Lady?
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Well what is it?!
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
It's a pretty cool tux.
We should really learn how to play the real way.
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Hey.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Hey.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Because it's too delicious.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
No, no, ACC-cept that.
Oh.
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Okay, get out of my kitchen!
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh my God. He threw up?
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Why, nobody good?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
Bye. I can't stand the woman!
What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
No.
Then you are neither of your parents!
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
What did you say?
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
You got all that from the back of her head?
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Phoebe, woo!
Okay, woo! Hi.
Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Is Joey here?
Wouldn't you be?
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
Guys?
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Well what happened at dinner?
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Hey!
What are you up too?
Yeah, Big Brother.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
...I dunno.
You don't know?!
How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Uh-huh.
Morning.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Wow!
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Wouldn't you be?
Really?
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Phoebe is, making people.
Everybody's doing stuff!
We could climb Mt. Everest!
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
God, he's good.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
Hey.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
No way!
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Oh God, yeah.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
What am I going to do?
I don't know you guys.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
No, I'm still married.
Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Hi!
The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it's just gonna be me again tonight.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Ah-ha!
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Sure!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
No.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
You do?!
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Hey, the fight's starting!
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Fight's over!
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
You don't think I get up when you get up?
Ohhh, here it comes.
Hey!! I need to relax! Okay? I was working all day!
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Hi, oh hi.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
You know what the. . .
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Absolutely.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
All right, I'm nine years old.
Oh, I hate this story.
Oh my god.
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What's this?
What?
Let me see that! Oh man!
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
And the sex?
Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Do you?
Don't you have to pee?
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Happy for you.
No, happy for you!
I-I wanna be with her, I like her.
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
What?!
Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
You promised you would break up with her!
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
That's what you say at the end of a date.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
No thank you.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Really?
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
What's in the bag?
I do!
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Hey, here's a thought, Ross.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
How about receiving?
Yes!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Who was that?
Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on?
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Cigarettes?!!
Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
What?!
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Is that all?
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
It's actually going to be just family.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Why don't you play with your roommate?
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Yeah, where the hell is he?
How's this?
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Well, there you go.
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
It doesn't say that in the script.
It does in mine!
You bug me.
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
How sad are we?
Yeah, I know.
Yeah!
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Mark's a genius!
Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
What am I going to do?
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Chandler!
There was just one woman, wasn't there?
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.
Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Right here!
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Chandler?
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Hey, I've been honing!
What was with the dishes?
Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
Do you know anything about women?
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Who needs a lease when it's family!
Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Yeah.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
Here.
The receipt.
I don't know.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
We can't do this.
No! Oyster?
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Are you sure you're okay?
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Noo.
You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Men are unbelievable.
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Well this one's for you.
Get out.
Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Scared? Happy?
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
I know! I can't wait!
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Oh man! I am so excited-I may vomit!
Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.
Really?!
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
What are you doing?
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
We are switching back, right now!
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
I don't know.
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Yeah.
Cool.
Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Hi!
Hey.
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Hi, Ross.
Hey.
Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
You thought about that?
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Yeah!
I like them a lot.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
It hurts my teeth.
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
He took my joke, he took it.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
That's a good idea.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
I can't believe this.
Chandler, I said I was sorry.
Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
But...
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
How is that the silver lining?
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Let go! Let go!
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Ow!!
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
Uhh, you've had a lot of sex right?
When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Don't worry about that man, that happens.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Okay, you know, you know when your in bed, with a woman.
Hmph.
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Keep talking.
Really?
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Saw your head. Saw your head.
What is it?
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
We have got to move!
I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
Y'know, I know you're talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
No.
All right, you're right. I'll talk to her.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Chandler.
I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
It's not that bad.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Okay, I freaked out a little.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Oh! Oh!
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Ohhhhh!
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Why would I be mad?
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Okay.
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Really?
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Come on! Chandler!
They really were pretty, weren't they?
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
Oh my God!
What?
Nooo!!
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Can I check out what she did to my room?
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
It is???
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Hey.
Oh. Sorry!
Me too.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
I didn't think I was!
Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
Hey, so can you make it on Friday?
What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Cheers!
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
You're straight. I get it.
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Why not?!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Right.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
That's okay.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Right.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
That's okay.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Even with me?
Really?
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Who jumps at loud noises!
Wow! I could've died tonight.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
How do you know that? How?
I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
Okay that does sound like fun.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
It's work.
And we don't work hard?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
Ankle.
We'll see.
I Gotcha!!
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
So was it a lot more money?
... the WENUS?
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Wow! How'd you get in there?
Hi Chandler!
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
No, just give me another minute.
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Okay.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
See, now it's weird again.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Really?
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Kristen Lang.
Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Hi. She said yes.
How do I look?
Hey.
Ooh! That's so nice...
...Chandler!
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
I couldn't do it.
Hey.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
You couldn't do it?!
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Have you been here all night?
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
What's in the bag?
Hey guys.
Hey.
Um, just some presents.
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Hello, funny Valentine.
By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
Come on.
Right here!
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Okay.
Oh, yes, could I have one of those.
No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Hi.
Hi.
Yes?
Oh my God!
Oh, God.
You got screwed.
Oh my God!
Hey!
Not so much!
Whoah!
Hey!
Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.
Y-, y-, you like that show?
No way!
Thank you. I'm from New York.
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
No! Forget her, man! You don't need her, you don't need that!
He's right, what she did was unforgivable.
How might you be wrong?
Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy?
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
How might you be wrong?
Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
Then why would he say it?
Yeah, we're gonna go.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Well, it's getting late.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
He's a he?
Yes please.
Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Last time I do that, I promise.
This is great! Helen, could you come in here for a moment?
Thank you Helen, that'll be all.
Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy!
Yeah, like in a cab...
What is that?
For the ride.
Save it.
Well, you're not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes...
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
I have to be up in seven minutes.
Really?!
Uh, could you leave me one?
They're in my bag over there.
Ah.
For just you?
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Come on, they were not that huge.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Okay, but before you go, could you help me first?
Sure. I'll help you.
Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Oh umm, not go.
Hello, Chandler Bing.
So what, we just sit?
Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. Shhh.
Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Damn Rollos!
Rachel, this is your apartment.
Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!
Hey, you're back!
I'm sorry too.
Could I be more sorry.
I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. All right Joey, we get it. I'm sorry.
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
But we're not ready to tell yet!
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Oh, ok.
What?
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
I know.
No you know I don't mind.
Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh...
I know.
Oh. Oh, God!
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Hey, want a beer? WHOA!!!!
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Ah-ha, you're not the boss of me. Yeah, you are! Ooh, saucy.
What is it?
Just a little gag gift somebody gave me. Put your hands together.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
No, the doctors say it may kill her.
But, I put some honey in it.
She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
Ahhh.
Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
Ooh, let's see it!
Okay.
Monica?
No. We were in the middle of sex...and you fell asleep.
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
What?!
Okay!
Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
No-no-no, the kiss was good.
No, but that's bad!
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
What... did you get me there?
I got you...these.
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
Yes talk to her. Be a man.
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
All right, you're right. I'll talk to her.
I'm a man.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
Why, why not?
Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs?
It's the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
Yeah, yeah you have the ring?
Oh! Oop!
Well, yeah actually.
All this lying has been hard on us too.
Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
I can't believe it.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
So- you can tell?
Really.
Yeah.
Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
What?!
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
Come here, I want to show you something!
Okay!
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
And that doesn't scare you?
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
Ross, you need some help?
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Morning.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Okay, I promise, I'll end it.
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Chandler!! Promise me, you will end it.
Thank you.
Again I must go back to, how?
How?
Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
You said...
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .
What? Why?
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
We're switching rooms again.
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
It's a nickname, I'll explain later.
Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Hello Skidmark.
It's pretty clear.
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
But we have to!
Well then, you should look with us.
Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
No way!
Yeah, apparently they're turning it into some kinda coffee place.
Got me.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
I'm back.
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Great, I'll see you then.
See ya.
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.
So how you two gettin' along?
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
So, you don't think I'm terminal?
Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
Nooo!
I'll be a fool for you. I'm sure, you know I don't mind.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Love....
No you know I don't mind.
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Weren't you nine?!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
No!
Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
And I'm in it? Then let me read it.
Come on.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Yes.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Easy tiger.
Man, didn't she like just get here?
Yeah!! Yeah!
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Hey, Pheebs!
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Hey!
Mornin' Pheebs!
Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Hey!
Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Aww, man!
Yeah that's better than my way.
Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Again true.
It's true.
Well that's pathetic!
And this goes for all guys?
Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
It's a great idea.
Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Happy plane-aversary.
Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Ah-ha! Okay, Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back.
Aww! I love you!
Oh my good God.
But, you're not identical twins.
Damnit Carl!
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Ross is Batman!
Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you're talking about.
Really?!
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.
I can't believe I'm going to lose this job!
Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard.
Mm! Night Gar'!
Um-hmm.
Mm! Seems like I would've remembered you!
So did you read your evaluation yet?
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Really?
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Are you alright?
Well, we are great guys.
What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?
I think it's great you guys are doing this.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Five more and I'll flash you.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Hey.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.
Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Uh-huh, yeah.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
You got a problem with that?
Hey, how'd the interview go?
Hhhiiii.
I don't want a beer.
Who said it was for you?
What's the matter with you?
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
What?!
I suppose mainly sexual.
Oh yeah, totally!
I love you so much.
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Oh good.
YEAH!!! YES!!!
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Oh my God.
I call Monica's room!
Okay, good luck with that.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
Hey!
Here we go.
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Eww, I don't wanna do that.
Ok, have a good break-up.
Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
No, forget it.
All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
Eight! Easy eight.
Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Okaaay, rock, hard place, me.
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
You really think so?
Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Oh, good.
Yeah! Here! Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
Okay.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Why, nobody good?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Why wouldn't they be happy?
Why haven't you told them?! Wouldn't they be happy?!
So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I'll see you then.
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Oh, so that's what this is for.
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
Sure is.
Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don't you?
Now get on out of here, you!
That's so funny, because I think I just did!
There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Get your hands out of there! No!
Let me see! Show them!
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
You told me.
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
Can you hear that?
Yeah?
Oh. Uh, I'm on.
Right.
You okay?
Phoebe moved out.
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
I do?
No, I am.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
Aww!
Okay.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
...Come on! Why are we here?!
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
Would you like some pancakes?
Okay, okay take a guess.
Well, I'm there too!
I am totally picturing you with all those women!
That's-that's not Phase Three.
Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
I found a dried up seashores.
Nope! Because I'm not your boyfriend. Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
Well, umm, my Mom's friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.
Sweety, what are you talking about?
Rent?
I don't know... um, Grease?
No....
Yes! Rent!
Not once!
No, we only went out once.
You dated her!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Are you serious?!
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
A pharmacist.
You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
You mean like, music?
Come in!
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
"Take good care of your Momma son."
Cut!!!!!!!!!!
Hello?
Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone.
Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Yeah.
Woooo hoooo!!!
But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Absolutely.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
That was surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
I say we go with Careless Whisper.
Chandler?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
There you go.
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.
Hi everyone.
Beam me up Jesus.
What?
What does the sign say?
No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
That's great.
No, no, I'm still working on mine.
Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
But, we'll stay here with you.
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
That's cool.
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
You're obviously not their favorite pet.
They won't take you to the vet.
Chandler.
Joey.
You mean with Casey.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
No-no-no, I think I'm gonna see how things go with Kathy. She's pretty cool.
No.
Yes.
Oh!
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Food? Uh-huh gimme!
Since when are you into swing music?
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Why? Why can't you go to him?
Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite?
Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it?
Of course! It's her favorite.
More of Grandma's teramisu.
What time is it now?
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Uh, 10:30.
4:30.
Is that Joey?! Let me talk to him!
Hey!
Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
No! Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Who is Maria?
You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Hey! Oh, good, Ross! You're parents like me, right?
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
I don't think you'll ever get my parents that drunk!
Yes, of course they like you!
You've got it.
Okay, absolutely!
All right.
Cookie, now you can punch him!
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
That's right.
Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.
Instead of...?
Never had that dream.
The man's got a point.
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
That's true.
Oh, hi!
Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Come on, two on one.
What, now?
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! Thank you, thanks.
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
I'm reading your ad.
Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
Oh! Pathetic!
Yeah?
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Chandler!
Geez! Are you ready?
Wow, you look...
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
But my clothes are-ohh!
No time for that!
Oh, God.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
You guys.
You got screwed.
I'm not breaking up with her!
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
God, look what I found in the drain.
And that's how you bought it?
When did you go to a sperm bank?
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Can I just say one thing?
Rachel, wait, wait.
No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
What? What?!
Ring dammit, ring!
Oh my.
Four letters: "Circle or hoop".
Thanks.
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
I could be a secretary.
I could do that.
I don't sound like that.
They do me?
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Oh, oh Chandler...
Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true.
My scones.
'My scones.'
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
What?
She wants to meet you in person.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
I'm not yanking you.
This is Janice.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
No, Janice.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Why? What happened now?
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
Here we go again.
I-I can't handle this, you guys.
All right Pheebs, your cab's ready.
Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Here you go.
Step away from the duck.
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Okay. All right.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Will you stop!
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Yes. Yes!
One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Good! That's good!
No, we'd just like to close them.
Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?
No-no.
Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. Would you come over here please?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
I got something for her. It's a book!
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
No he didn't.
Thank you!
You know, uh... Chandler got you a gift, too.
Yeah, he did, look... look, it's right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!
So there is no good time to ask that question.
Have you ever been with a woman?
What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Well it stupid, unfair question!
Don't blame the questions!
Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
Does for me.
Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
And lucky means, more cleavage?
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
We don't know what could make this go away.
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Oh no-no-no-no!
Yeah, so no one touches the remote. And no one touches the TV!
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Hi!
Hey!
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
Drum roll.
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
What a baby.
Thanks man.
I gotta go check something over here.
Total wuss!
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
They tore it down a few days early.
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Really? To what?
I'm not seeing Monica.
Hey.
Have you seen Monica?
What?
Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Only here.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Forget it, that's off.
Yeah.
Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Why?!
Oh, hello Rachel.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name.
Hey, there he is! There he is!
You're not on TV.
Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now?
Hello New York!
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Keep talking.
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
What did you say?
Hi!
You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
That might work!
Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! Enh? All right, what do you think?
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Why?
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Who needs a lease when it's family!
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Noooo.
Oh, do you not want to?
Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Really?
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
She's bluffing!
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Monica.
I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
What?!
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
You are so cute.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. Oh, hi Joey!
The one that doesn't.
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
What is it?
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Who jumps at loud noises!
Wow! I could've died tonight.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Sure. Okay.
Yeah, I-I considered that. I just know it would make me happy.
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Whoa!
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Good luck!
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
I wanted it so bad! Wanna go pack?
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Okay!
No thanks, Josephine.
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Hey Chandler. Come on in. We're knitting pot holders.
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
I was tired!
Oh that's too bad.
What happened to Janine?
Oh, she's uh-uh really sick.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Yeah!
Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
No. Y'know how we're always saying we need a place for the mail.
Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
Hey!
Hey!
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
Come on.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?
Come on! I really need your help!
So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
Okay.
Yeah?
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Hey.
Oh no! What's the matter?
Y'know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.
You wanna share it?
Aww.
Wait a minute! My last Kit-Kat bar!
Okay!!
Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel?
What?!
Unagi. I'm always aware.
What's up?
Isn't she cute? No!
Hi!
I'm the student.
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
That is lucky.
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
Whoa, she's pretty.
Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
How is that worse?!
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
What?!! That's even worse!!
I don't know! But it's the same!
It was the ring!
Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Maybe it was the guy.
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Are you sure you're okay?
Ohh that's sweet!
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
'Sup? 'Sup dude?
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Ah, yeah!
So, what do you think?
I guess you don't.
Paolo made a pass at me.
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Really?
So-so you would've just lied?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Please, can't you help me out?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Mustached bastard...
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
We'd be eating our soup right now.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
Oh yes! Oh yes!
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
What? What? What?
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about?
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Count of three?
Yep!
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
One!
Oh, come on! I don't care! Come on! Whose is it?
Whose is it?
I don't want to say.
Diane Keeton.
You mean like for award shows?
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
Some of them.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Talk to me.
Oh, no-
Okay, it's in spasm.
Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident.
Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
He is?
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Yeah. No. No...
Really stupid.
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
What, now?
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
I did, but...
Oh, no I don't.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
So what does this mean?
And?
Its pretty ugly. We havent seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.
Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
Well, only if you order stuff.
Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.
Okay... ..whose turn is it?
What's up with the simian?
It's just a fur ball.
Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.
