There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Excellent!
Uh, may I help you?
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
As are you...
Let us begin. Dearly beloved...
He took off?
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Hey, Mr. Trib.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
What the?!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
In a minute!!
So this is it? Victor?
So long, Vic!
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Hi!
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Where there is no fear of commitment.
Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Amazingly, that makes sense.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!
Don't touch him!
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
So...
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
That's what you should say.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
So she's a woman! So what?
Joey!!
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Sorry.
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Uh, Phoebe...
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Hey!
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
I see where you're goin'!
What's up with the greed Joe?
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
No, I got him.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Ohh-oh, chilling!
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Wow.
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
I'm sorry man.
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Oh yeah!
Really?
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Great!
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
You gave her food poisoning!?
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
And a date with a man!
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Joey, this is awkward part.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, Grandma's chicken salad...
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Ah, finally an explanation.
Joey!
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
It's open! Come in!
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Yeah, all right, I'll play.
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Where's Mary-Angela?
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
... It's a fertility study.
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Hey.
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
And the bunny got away.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
What's up?
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
What equity investments?
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Why?
What's going on?
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
That's crazy.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
I did, but that was really fun.
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Hi!
So how was, how was your date?
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
So what, we just sit?
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
You were in a porno?
That is wild.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Ohh! A man with a plan!
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Hey, I've been married 3 times
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
Yeah.
Y'know which one was she again?
It's gotta be the first one.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
I am sorry, Chandler.
I am sorry, Ross.
This took you all day?!
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Ewwww!!
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
When did I try to give you money?
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
He's not here right now.
Y'know, there are two people who could put your picture up there.
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Joey, you had the night!
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today.
"Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
That is true.
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Hi!
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.
Well.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
You or me?
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Hey, guys!
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
Okay, fine.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
You gave her food poisoning!?
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Oh yeah, no problem.
Thanks.
Joey!
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
You do, huh?
What are you talking about?
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
What?! Why?!
What about the closeness?
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
The wedding starts at six.
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Ooh, I look good.
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
That's right.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
What are you talking about?!
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Okay.
Yeah!
Should we call the spitter?
I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
What?
Five oh dollars.
That's great.
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Come on man, you're not a potato.
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
Yeah!
Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.
Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Got it!
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Hey.
Hey, man. What's up?
Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
I don't have any issues with my Father.
Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
Hello.
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.
What happened?
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
All right, be my guest.
Good luck.
Oh, I got it.
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
What?!
No, you, you can't fit in that thing. That's not deep enough.
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Is there something wrong?
Joey...
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.
So what happens next?
God that is good TV.
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
What?!
What's wrong with you?
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
No.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
That's why you broke up with me?
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
Really?! I won!
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Didn't you sleep together?
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Rachel! You okay?
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
No, the quiet down thing!
You mean this.
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
Hey, what did your agent say?
What, forget it!
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Anything but stew.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
What if Joey were president?
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
It's not what you think, that was...
You told me I was the only one.
Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Great!
I can do that.
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
It's a curling iron.
It's clean.
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
No, I'm leaving to get my hair dyed.
That's the whole part?
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
I'm sorry, what?
What?
Oh, ok.
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
I'm sorry, what?
What?
Oh, ok.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
That's very nice.
That's sweet, Joey.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
What was it for?
The next, next?
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Okay man.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Okay man.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
You wanna share it?
Okay!!
It's not mayonnaise!!
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
What kinda things have you been saying?
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
No.
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
You'll vamp?!
How can you not remember us kissing?!
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
I just hope...
You can let some of them go by!
Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids...
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Ok.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Okay.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
There's a lost and found? My shoe!
You left a shoe here?!
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
The Bible?!
I don't know!
Diverse.
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
They actually said that?
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Yeah, I remember.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Yeah. You know why? 'Cause you came to me first.
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Chandler?
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
I do.
Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
How is that important?
Oh it's important!
Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Well there you have it!
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Probably because...
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Nice work my friend.
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
I'm movin' out like we talked about.
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Well, there you go.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Hey there you are!
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
That's not a question.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
Well ah, what can you swing?
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
Hey, Pheebs?
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Uh-huh!
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown &#150; I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
No I don't think so.
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
No! No-no-no...
But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
That's what you got me?
Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
Joey.
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
We could get that Everest video though.
Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
Oh, well...
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Yes that would have made more sense.
Phoebe? I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. You gotta come with me!
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
"...by doin' it."
Joe?
Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Wow!
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
You think I'm hot?
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Hey Pheebs!
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.
What's the matter? Are you upset?
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
Hey buddy! How's it going?
Hey!
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
No, 10 is the highest.
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
What?
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
What happened?
Why can't you tell her?
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Well, I guess that's something.
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
You're not his godfather.
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Oh don't worry, I'm not really a party girl.
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
I didn't know you had another level.
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Look Mon, if you could just call my mom...
Oh Joey!
No she hasn't.
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
Yeah! Oh my God! Is this what it's like to be you?
Wow, you're really crazy about her, huh?
Oh, it's so great to see you feeling like this!
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- That's fine, yeah...
..Naughty!
Right, I'll see you guys later...
Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Cache? Jaunty?
Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
All right baby, come on! Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
We owe you?!
We didn't give you any money!
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Oh.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Probably because...
Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Okay.
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Oh.
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Hey!
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Your make-up!
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Wow, he must like you the best.
You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car .
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
All right, see ya Pheebs.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Yeah! You don't like Kathy.
You got me.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Got it! So...
So uh, do you live around here?
I'll remember that.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Y'know, about what happened with us.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
What?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
So, we're having fun, right?
Yeah.
I'm kinda beat.
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Oh man!!
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
Bye Phoebe.
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Wow! That is a bad audition.
How-how did you lose your job here?
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now?
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Yeah. O-okay.
How about receiving?
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Really. What?
Why the Post?
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
Wow. He's strict.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
And tell him what?
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
All right.
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
What, now?
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Let me see that!
All right.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Crazy bitch.
Joey... we always know what you mean.
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Love what you've done with the place.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Oh yeah!
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Okay, we owe you a present.
Two! I've been engaged twice!
That is the Coast Guard.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Oh, thanks!
Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Oh, god help us.
Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
What?!
My-Oh my God!
Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard.
Is all this true?
Oh Hans.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Oh, well think of it like this, when you're 90...
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Psss, that is whack!
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
That's sweet, Joey.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
Are you aware that you're still talking?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
We've got a problem.
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
Look, what do you want me to say?
I want you to say that you like her!
Thanks for trying. Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
No.
Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
What?
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
That's great.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Needs some clothes altered?
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
I'll do it.
Okay, absolutely!
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Here you go.
Oh.
All the time?
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Well forget it, I'm not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
The only problem!
Hey, uh can I get a little piece of that cake?
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
Yeah.
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
Honey, you got a little thing on your...
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
Monica, leave him alone!
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Yeah.
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Hi!
Hi!
Great!
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Hi. She said yes.
Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.
I hate this thing!
Oh, hi Danny.
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
Nothing?
I have to get back to...
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
I made them!
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
No, I just thought it was cute.
Ohh. Like what?
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
And now for the great news.
What, that wasn't the great news?
Christmas cookie?
She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Uh, we might be leaving now.
Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Ok, you can not do this to me.
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
What equity investments?
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
Yeah right!
No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
Thanks.
You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...
Please stay on the line. You're call is very important to us.
The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming of off Stevie.
As in Rosita does not move.
Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
Stevie the TV?
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
That sounds fair.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Oh.
Yeah, no, I understand.
Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, yeah I think I'm gonna find my own place.
Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
Hey! So I'm back.
Who are you?
Show me in the table.
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Eight hundred and twelve bucks.
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Woooo!!!
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Good luck!
Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
Who are you talking too?
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
I don't know you guys.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
OH.....MY.....GOD!!
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
That-that is a good trick.
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Great! Roomie!
Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
But we don't know the neighbors.
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Oh! My hero! What happened?
What a minute, what did he say?
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Do you uh, do you-ready for a refill?
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Umm, can I use your bathroom?
An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me...
No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
Oh that was a real person?!
I-I-I'm leaving the show?
Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
What was the dream about?
Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
So...
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
I've got cold feet.
...it's gonna be okay!
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
What?! Tonight?!
That's what Monica said.
Oh here, I think this is us. Yeah.
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
What? Me having a job?
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Really?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
Well, what am I going to say?
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Sure! What's up?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
Oh.
Well, you're welcome. And tell them we're really glad they're coming.
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
Oh, I don't know.
You mean with Casey.
Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...
Alrighty, here come the water works.
Hey guys!
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Oh my God! Go away! Stop looking in here!
Great, now he's waving back.
What kinda stuff?
No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
Do you two know each other?
No. No.
Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
Yeah, you are! I scared you!
You did look like an idiot.
Yeah that's the same.
Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
That's because all people are selfish.
Are you calling me selfish?!
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Fine!
Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?
Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?
Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
I can't help you Joey.
This poor guy's been in a coma for five years. It's hopeless.
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Not once did we do that.
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
So, what do you thing the good news is?
Oh my.
These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
My god, what happened?
Sure.
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
How come you are?!
Because I cared enough to lie!
What are you talking about?
But why?! I should've won one and I really want it and she didn't even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Sure I do! It's a verb! As in, "I behalfin' it!"
Joey, you have got to take this back!
No! Joey!
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
Oh and Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach or uh, or saying "mmm" and uh, oh oh! And smiling , okay?
No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you're alone, alone. And I just-it's just not the time for us. I'm sorry.
Ah well, can't blame a guy for trying!
Yeah, I'm not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
Well, I guess that's something.
Okay.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
What's in it?
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. Nothing.
Yeah, kinda.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Tasty! I'm really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it's-it's nice.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Can I ask you something?
Uhh, no.
No.
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Can I ask you something?
Uhh, no.
No.
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity...anymore.
It's not charity, Joe...
Okay uh, here's the electric bill.
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
Yeah, you're on your own.
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. Okay, here goes. How you a-doin'? It worked! She's waving me over. Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl...
She was a welder.
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just... Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Well, if you want, you can work here.
Okay, but the money's good, plus you get to stare at Rachel as much as you want.
Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Okay .
Here you go.
Well, if you want, you can work here.
I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit.
Ugh!!
What happened?
No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.
No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Great!! That's great!
"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Hey, that was really good!
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
When did that happen to you?!
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... huh-huh?
Well, I don't know.... huh-huh.... but I'm hoping huh-huh.
Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
Ok.
Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Hey pal.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Thank you so much.
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. How you doin?
I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Ohhhh man
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
Yeah. Run ten blocks, that'll help the smell.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I'm y'know insecure about my manhood or anything y'know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
I know. I know.
Feel better?
Yeah, I understand.
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
The ring is gone!
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
You slept with the stripper?
Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
Okay.
Okay.
Not great.
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
We're back on.
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Yeah, okay.
What trail?
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Your other student, was you!
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
Hellooo!
Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen...
Yeah, I know!!!!
Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Hey!
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
What the hell happened on that beach?!
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
Well, I'd like to but, I'm not sure we have time to go.
We owe you?!
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
What? A brain transplant?!
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
Didn't you sleep together?
I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?
Well did you try calling her?
Hey.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Sorry!
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. Excuse me. Joey Tribbiani.
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Joe! I'm glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
He's talking to London!
But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
Put it on.
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
I so am.
Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Okay...
I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
So, you and Angela, huh?
Yep. Pretty much.
Huh, I never really noticed.
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Great. Great.
I'll be there.
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Please be kidding.
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Blah?!
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y'know, not two nights in a row. Okay?
Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye.
It's a woman.
So talk to her.
Why the voice.
Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Like this. Pictures of cute babies we don't know. We..we can't have that.
Joey, it's Anne Geddes. She's a famous artist.
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Oh right, your allergies. All her, she hates you.
As crazy as soccer?
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
No, you should.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I'm doing something exciting and I don't wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y'know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Thank you, Joey.
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
You think I need a new walk?
What?
Are you actually saying these words?
And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
Oh my God!
Wow!
Oh, I love that guy!
No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
My God Monica!!
Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Hey, don't start judging me! Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Whatever.
Fine.
Phoebe!
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
So was I.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
Wow! Tell me something Joey--Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don't know why you're pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there's a spot open.
Hey! Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
Joey, the guy's your best friend.
Oh, who? Me?
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
OOooooo!
OK, so at this point, the dealer...
What?! All right-Hey! Don't look at me! You're the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
I don't know! Yeah, I do.
Joey!
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. Yeah, I'm single. 25. An actor. Hello?
She's not much of a phone person.
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
About Ross!
Oh! Oh!
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
You stink!
Are you kidding?!
He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Okay. Okay.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Oh man!
Unless...
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
Y'know I think you can take her.
You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!!
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Whadja think?
...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
Saw your head. Saw your head.
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Hey.
Hey.
The show?!
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
Not broad backed!
Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they're just, you know, they're nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
What?
You're arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
You're turning into a women.
What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
All right-oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
I'll be there.
Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Hey, Paul!
Yeah?
Shut up, Joey!
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you.
Thanks!
I know.
He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Look, it's just a little more complicated...
Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
What?
You know! At the place I told you about last night?
Oh, okay.
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
I've been back and forth.
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
All right.
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
They uh director. Uhh, her. All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
Why?! What happened?!
I'm so sorry.
You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
I promise you, he would definitely want you back.
Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
I figure my character has kids.
Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.
Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Good-bye Chandler Bing.
Rachel has those in burgendy.
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it.
Relax. Here hold this . This old stuff just comes right off.
That's a little more than I wanted to see.
I can't leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
I don't know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
What?!
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
I've never seen it!
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..."
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
Oh, ok.
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
I've never done that.
Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Really?! You think that will work?
Listen uh, I'm really sorry, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn't there!
Hey dude, it's me.
Hey it's Joey!
What?
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Oh.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
Yes! Guess who's in an audition for a Broadway musical?
I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Me too.
Yeah?
Hey!
I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.
What?
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted-I'll see you later.
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
What a minute, what did he say?
What?! You got us evicted!!
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Yeah.
I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.
It doesn't say that in the script.
Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Yeah. What-what should I do?
Joey that is so sweet.
Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
I'm sorry.
Joey, onstage!
Where are you Vic?
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
What the hell's the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
So Joey, you okay?
Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
You wanna play?
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
They have the best stuff in there.
Oh my God! Oh my God!
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
Well, it involved Monica.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
What was the dream about?
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
What's going on over here?
What's the matter with you? Get out of here!
I went back to Riffs. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Hey, where you been?
Score.
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
That's a hernia.
I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
You don't think my mom's sexy?
Well... not in the same way...
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
Still broken?
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Ok, this could be tough.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Well I just thought...
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
Really?
Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?
Well I like both eggs equally.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Yeah! Punch him!!
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Man, do you know what guys want!
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Yeah, but you always say that.
Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
Oh, you should here me.
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
They don't have those.
Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Yeah, that'd be cool!
Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...
Hey no problem.
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Welcome home man.
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Thanks.
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Hi!
I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Is she gonna be all right?
Nice!
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
That's a really long time.
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
That's weird.
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Wait a second, I could star in it!
Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.
I am your friend.
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
So uh, what are you guys doing?
Oh nothing, we're just talking. Y'know, blah-blah-blah.
Well, I'd like to but, I'm not sure we have time to go.
Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
Oh, yeah!
That commercial always makes me so sad.
I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
Well, it doesn't matter what I would do.
Come on, tell me.
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
I don't know, I don't know.
Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
What?!
Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
What the hell happened?!
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
Yeah, she broke up with me.
Oh uh, when?
Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
I don't know, I don't know.
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Come on Joey!!!
I can't believe you would say that!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don't hold back. and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Well, hello Rachel!
Have you really done this before?
Hey!
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Wow.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
Um-hum.
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
I'm, I'm okay. See.
Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Sorry.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
I did do it, I'm a professional.
Then what's the problem?
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Whoa ho.
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Here you go.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Hey! How you doin'?
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
We're so sorry.
Yeah.
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Yeah, thanks.
Oh you're right. Thank you! What's your name again?
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
There is not one hair on that head.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Yeah.
Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.
Oh! Y'know, I've got an extra futon.
Dude, you don't have to brag! We got nothing here!!
Oh no-no-no, I'm, I'm paddling away!
Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.
Can you believe this place?
I know, this is a great apartment.
Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously.
I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
I don't need that anymore.
No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
I don't know, it's such a long trip.
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Why are you doing this?
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Hey! Terry.
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
I can't help you Joey.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Come on. I want to know.
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
So how you two gettin' along?
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
There's another carton right over there.
All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
I can't help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
Yeah, totally!
All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I'll take a check for the other hundred.
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
You're jokin' right?
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
No!
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Or not.
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up!
Thanks!
So, you busy Thursday?
Okay. Okay. What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!
Okayyyy! Anddd, go!
Umm, do you sell these bags?
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Now calm down Joey.
Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink.
So what are you guys out doing today?
You done?
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
I hate this game!
OK Joey, your bet.
Ross?
Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.
Can I help you?
Uh-oh.
Chloe, switch with me, there's some guys here that got a crush on you.
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Yes!
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
No, not us... Us!
Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
Mornin' Pheebs. Well, my movie has officially been canceled.
Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
What about my cab?
We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Well, we could do that!
There's other stuff too.
Yeah!
OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.
Let's get out of here.
The one time they're not home.
That's how radio stars escape stalkers.
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ahh.
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
The next, next?
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?
Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
Ah, we'll all go. Come on.
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
Why?
Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Shoot.
You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
You're so pretty.
Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Nothing, why?
How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I'll pay.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
How often do you read it?
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Oh, hey, Monica, we've got a question.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
I don't know.
Okay!
That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
What?
Cupping.
Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Monica? You're Mom.
Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Oh my God! Whoah!
OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Whoooaa!
That's my sister.
Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
What if I smack my head on the concrete?
Well, I'm gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
MY SANDWICH?!!!
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
Her dancer friends?
Dude, we were good!
Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
I got fired.
Oh!
Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Oh!
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
I don't think so.
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Uh-huh.
This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book .
No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
Whoa ho.
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Don't do it.
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Hey guys! What 'cha been doin'?
Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
Why?
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
So, there was no miracle?!
No Joe, no miracle.
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
I'm not answering that.
Joey! No way. I'm not answering that.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Look, I don't hate Janice, she's-she's just a lot to take, you know.
Well, there you go.
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this.
Oh, it was so amazing. After the love making...
Oh my.
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard?
Joey...
What's the part, Anti-man?
No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
No!
There you go. Thank you!
Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder!
Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
I'm in it.
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
That's not good.
Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
You got waaaay too much free time.
Happy birthday, pal!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
Oh, it's awkward. It's awkward. It's awkward.
Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
Bastard!
Hey!
That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!
All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
Yeah, totally!
Feel better now?
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Yeah, I've been there my friend.
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Do you two know each other?
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
All right, so we weren't prepared!
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Hey.
There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
Well, it is overdue.
Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Let's take it from there.
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
No! Why?
Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
And last but not least.
They're ribbed for your pleasure.
Hiiiiii.
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
Hey.
Do you have any ice?
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
Just okay-Did you do it right?!
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Oh-oh, absolutely!
Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
Hey.
Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
A mirror?
Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
Joseph's good, isn't he?
Well, I'm going to kill you.
Why?
He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
I-I-I don't know.
Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, 'the movie star.'
Well, what did you do?
You guys have one of those signs that says 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
He's got the body for it.
I like that. What?
We do not have one of those signs.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Oh, stop that, stop that right now.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
Oh, that sounds lovely. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Oh my God!
Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
Well, what did you do?
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
Huh? What?
It's my joke.
Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Chandler!
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
No, no, we will. We just won't tell her she messed up.
But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.
Good for you.
So... and?
Okay look, Chandler, if this you have got to listen! You're gonna throw that juice at me, aren't ya?
Did I not just tell him?
Yes, you did.
It's not all juice!
Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.
Hey.
Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
So'd you guys have fun?
Actually, y'know it's kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
Come on, take 'em off!!
All right, I'm gonna make more margaritas!
Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn't get it?
And why wouldn't he get it?
Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Oh, and guess what, I got an audition for All My Children.
Oh, yay!
Oh.
Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...
Oh.. oh... oh.
Well, this has been fun.
Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Well, it does.
Okay, you wore me down.
I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
It's better! You can't go to a museum in your underwear!
Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.
Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
That sounds great. Same for me.
And for the gentleman?
You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Marry me.
I still don't get how you know when it's false labour.
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Really? That's great!
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
What are you talking about?
Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!

What's wrong?
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Okay, Phoebe...
Yes! Your honor?
When Monica was a little girl, I remember that--Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
You're so welcome.
Is that supposed to be me?
Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Please be kidding.
OK. I'm in my apartment...
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
Amy Welch? Wow! I haven't seen her since... So, Monica about ready?
What?!
Oh don't listen to him, he's just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don't think he's gonna get it.
Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
You can call off the roommate search! Hi! I'll be living here.
Why did you take the shower curtain down?
Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Uh, okay, Pheebs?
Yeah?
Yeah?
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Well, I'm- I'm showering.
No, that was clenching.
I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
That doesn't sound like thinking to me!
Sorry!
Okay, okay, you got it!
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
I helped!
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Well, you should've told me that before, I'm not a mind reader. Hey, we're out of beer. I'm going to Monica's.
Calm down, do you want this unit or not?
I do NOT want this unit!!
Fine!
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Yeah it is. . . what?
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
Who's they?
Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
Don't you ah, don't you wanna ask me any questions?
Sure. Ummm. What's up?
What gay thing?
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
That's ridiculous! I'm not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.
Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
The ring from the cave, yeah.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Oh, look at the little cat!
What? Ow!
This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
No.
Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.
You got a Cheeto on your face man.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
There you go!
Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
Huh, you uh, you always wear panties?
No, no, this is the first time.
I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
Thank you. Cha-ching! Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. And the drinks are on me!
You are dogged man! I totally fit!
Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go.
Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
I'll try.
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...'
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now?
Shhhh!
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
What?
Y'know, all the women.
I'm right here!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
You wanna see what I got? Okay? I've got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?
You don't have, anything?
Okay, I-I get the picture. Uh, thanks, for your time.
Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
I'm having surgery!
What?!
What kind of surgery?!
Pantyhose! Y'know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here... I should go take these off shouldn't I?
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Hmm?
I think it's important that you do.
You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick?
I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films.
We're so sorry.
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
It wasn't my decision!
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
No, actually Laurie's a boy.
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
Well then let me do it!
Joe...
Joey look it's really sweet...
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
What's Phase Two?
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Yeah, there's just one thing that might be kind've a problem. See, I, uh, had to kiss this guy.
All right. I'll give you one hint. Warren Beatty.
Wow!
'Cause he was just so darn cute.
Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
What?!
Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later.
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Then you do. Heh, heh.
Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
This is like the temporary robot, right?
No. Why?
I spent two years developing this machine, it's absolutely state of the art.
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
I don't want to do that.
Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn't that why you guys are here?
Hey!
What are you guys doing here?
Yes! Well that-yes.
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Sucker!
Hello? Hey Joey!
Sure! Where is it?
So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you're really talented.
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
I have no idea what you're talking about. But I, but I just got Phoebe Buffay's autograph!
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Joey...
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Yeah, that would be great. So I guess umm, good night.
Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
Where do you work?
I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group.
Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
I do not hate Ross!
What picture?
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Yeah?
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
As crazy as soccer?
You mean you didn't get it from this?
All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Umm, Ross. May I have a word with you?
Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it.
Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Why?
What are you talking about? She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn't know there.
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Oh yeah, come here.
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.
Oh, what the hell is that?
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out.
Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady!
Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
Oh don't even ask!
Yuck!
That was like 5 years ago.
Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Maybe. I-I don't know-Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Ugh, how can you even ask that question?!
Whoa, she's pretty.
I'm sorry, what?
No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
What? No, I want to watch this. . Did your cable go out?
Joey, why is your cable out?
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
He paid a lot of money for it.
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
No, Janice.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they're all gonna' make fun of her, do you want that?
Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
What?! What is with everybody? It's Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie!
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
Bye.
Bye.
I am so glad you said cooks.
Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Come on.
That was pretty intense huh?
I hope he did!
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
No you won't.
No we won't.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Amazingly, that makes sense.
You think?
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Hey!
Yes that was mine.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
What kinda change?
It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
Wait a minute, you're only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?
I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
BEND OVER?!!!
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
BEND OVER?!!!
Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Hey! Are you okay?
Fabulous.
Become a drama critic!
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Hey, I've been married 3 times
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
What are you doing? Get back over on your side of the... Hello!! Hi, I'm Joey, we haven't met.
Yeah, in the back. You want a quarter?
Oh, no thanks. I always carry one in my sock.
Ah, good to meet you. Robert.
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Whoa-whoa, what is it?
Well... It's a date.
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Hey Mon!
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
You're not on TV.
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Yeah?
Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!
No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
You're in this picture?
Joey, right?
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Well I just thought...
It's a curling iron.
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Hey!
Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
They don't have those.
Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
Oh-oh, what are you doing?
What am I doing?
Well, it is overdue.
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Ohh.
Really?! How come?
Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
The fear?
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Sorry.
Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
No I-I-I'm fine.
All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
I have to get back to...
That's okay.
Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
What?
What?
Oh my god!
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
Yeah, I wouldn't know about that.
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
What?
We're just friends.
What four of us?
But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Alright...
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Alright, here's my $7.50. But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
Hey.
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
What, no, "Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge?"
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
God. I feel violated.
Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?
Yeah. Sorry about that. Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there?
No. I'm all alone.
Daddy!!
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
They're not a couple!
Oh-okay, I get the game now.
Oh yeah!
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Thanks!
Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie.
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
Oh, dude I'm so sorry!
No! No! No!
They're in my bag over there.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
Again I must go back to, how?
Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
What?
Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?
Mornin'.
Your territory, huh?
Wow! That's pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear 'cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
I'm out.
He painted that.
Let's see, ahhh... Where does the Pope live?
I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
Hey, look, what do you want from me?
I am pretending.
Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Oh yeah? That's great!
Aahhuuhhh....
The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes-Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Huh.
Well, you...don't look good Joe.
That's still in there?!
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Really? Right across the street?
Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
Ok.
Yeah?
I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
No, I-I figured you would've picked a blond guy.
Really? Why?
Hoyt?
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
How about we settle this right now! There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
That's what you say about porn.
Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you're not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and...
What is DOOL?
Oh!!
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
OH YES!!!!!
Strip Happy Days Game?
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Yeah!
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!
Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.
So, basically just a Chinese guy.
Alright, that sounds like a two person job.
Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
Really?
I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Whoa, she's pretty.
I'm sorry, what?
Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
I know.
What's up Joe?
Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry" song.
Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
Yeah, we are so sorry.
This sucks! I didn't know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I'm so tired!
Yes!
All right.
It's 6:00.
I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Is that what I want?
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
This took you all day?!
Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!!!
Really.
I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart, you too Chandler.
Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street butt.'
I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
Time is money my friend?
Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
Let me see. Oh, right.
When did you go to a sperm bank?
And that's how you bought it?
What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
We'll watch him.
I don't think tho.
I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
Don't you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
How?
Again I must go back to, how?
Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
No-no, stay right there. Gettin' closer.
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
Oh yeah!
Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
Christmas cookie?
Looks good. I'll take it.
You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Oh. Right.
Hell no, we'll pay!
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Hey you guys.
Hey Joe what's up?
I can see why that's hard to resist.
A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Oh that's great!
Ugh, PBS!
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him.
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Good enough to get fired.
All right, you're hired!
Yes.
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
Well, here's a schedule of what's coming up.
Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of.
Well, if you don't have anything to copy, why are you going down there?
Yeah! You wanna come?
Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.
You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.
Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! $500 that is a loooot of electricity! Whoo-ho-ho! I gotta buy some food.
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
Great! It worked! No one's sad.
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!!
Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
You don't like puppies?
Okay, you are new!
You don't like ice cream?
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
He's alive! He's a-live!!!
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
You know... You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
I know...
Really?
Hey, I was pretty close. Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money.
Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth?
I think it was valued at 19,000
Joey! Joey, good one!
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you."
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Oh my God!!
So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Sure! I was there! Spring Break '81! Woo-hoo!
In 1981 you were 13!
Okay, she can't go.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Joey that is so sweet.
Hey.
I couldn't do it.
Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.
Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.
Lemonade? You ok man?
Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?
All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Aww...
Big day.
You know he's gay?
Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
My identical hand twin!
What's an identical hand twin?
Are you sure you weren't looking at your hands in a mirror?
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
So...
Absolutely!
Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not.
No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Joey... Switzerland?
Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
But y'know umm, Rachel doesn't rhyme with draddle.
I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
All good, thanks. Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that's easier to rhyme?
No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
No-no-no-no-no we came together!
I don't see it. You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand!
Really, y'think so? I don't..
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Uh, Entertainment Tonight. Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right.
Would you mind doing a picture with us?
Uh, what was that?
Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! Monica?
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
No-no, it's uh, it's Heston.
What?
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
So I can do it?
Yeah you can do it.
Yeah.
Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe!
Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Yeah.
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
Oooh look! Isn't this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Wow!
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men's underwear!
Uh-huh.
Hmm?
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Sorry Phoebs.
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Ok, bye. Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
No! I'm putting that in my room.
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
That's a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
Please stop it!
If you leave now, I will chop off my hand and give it too you!
Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Bye-bye. Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut.
Was his question what's more boring than him?
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
I know.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
No.
Okay. Well, you be careful.
Well I'm jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Okay, maybe it was a trick question. Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Okay. I am so hot!
I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Oooo-ooh!
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Oooo-ooh!
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Nice try. See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Oh, my.
Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Bye!
Bye!
Dude! How come you took off?
Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?
Hey! What's going on?
Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
You have been maid of honor before?!!
Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Hi!
Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?
Well, I should hope not. Ross knows better than that by now.
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
What?
He's gonna eat the cake!
Oh yeah.
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Where is she?
I'm engaged!!!!!! I'm engaged!!!!
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
You know, I think I might just.
So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
I don't know, it's such a long trip.
Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.
Oh my... God?
So, what're you gonna do?
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
No! Joey, we swore we'd never tell!
They'll never understand!
All right!! All right. I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
Oh.
Or... Dick.
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
Okay, good luck!
Hey!
All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Interesting.
When it's your assistant, I would say never.
Huh. A moo-point?
Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
I don't know, clean places?
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Hi everyone.
And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
Wait a minute.
What?
Oh, you caught me. I am so busted.
Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won't get spit in the eyes, y'know?
Yeah.
Nice shades.
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
We were just talking about you.
Really?!
Right in there!
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Well, the duck...
What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.
Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!
Ok.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Ohh-oh, chilling!
Yeah, I know that means buddy!
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Take 'em! Joey, you can touch them! They're your underwear.
Chandler? A word.
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
It's about your monkey. It's alive.
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
I have an audition, but I'll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
Whoa-whoa-whoa!
Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
Somewhere maybe along the equator?
Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Oh don't worry, I'm not really a party girl.
You can call off the roommate search! Hi! I'll be living here.
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married? No, yeah, I should.
Hey Joey.
No, I just thought it was cute.
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
That's not, prison lingo, is it?
His dancing partner?!
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
My mom will.
Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
This is not good for my rage.
Monica, is this true?
Yes it's true.
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
Yeah!
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Hey.
Hi.
About what?
All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.
You want some help.
No help required Chico.
Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.
Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn't get it?
At least I care about his feelings!
What?!
And why wouldn't he get it?
From now on, it's gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. Okay! We're gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
I like it!
Eh? We'll show him!
Hi. I'm back.
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!
Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?
I don't think so. Let's take it back to Richard's last line. Action!
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Oh right, right.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Hey!
Hey!
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Joey, I saw you push him!
Everybody smile! Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! Kill me. Kill me now.
Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Okay!
Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
So, you'd hire me, right?
For what?
Huh? What?
Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.
Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
Take 36 is up!
All right! Let's try this again! You ready Joe?
Uh sure.
Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved.
Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
What?!
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
You can tell us.
Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Ok.
Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Good idea! Yes!
It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Or we can do the actual telephone thing.
Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Yeah so, Tuesday?
Thank you.
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. We live in the building by the uh sidewalk.
You know it?
So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?
Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Hey!
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
Oh-I don't know.
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Oh no, yeah.
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever.
Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like dorks.
Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know.
So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?
Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.
So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?
That's patio furniture!
What about the birds?
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Okay.
All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this?
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Thanks!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Yeah I did!
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
No.
Yes.
I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
No.
Yes.
Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I'm not even sure I got it.
You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
What, you didn't get it? The doctor is a monkey.
Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
With Carol? Oh.
So in your whole life, you've only been with one oh.
Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
Could've been a peach.
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.
So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Well I guess I should've thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
Coffee sounds great. Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?
Oh, no. But it's just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.
Thanks.
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Hey!
Hey!
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Well uh, she didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I'm so sorry.
Uh, y'know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.
Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Well that's not true.
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
You do?
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Yeah, you shoulda been there last night.
Why? What happened now?
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
Why aren't you guys at the movie?
I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Look, Chandler I don't think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
I know!
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?!
You're right.
Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.
Well then maybe I will.
Fine with me.
Who's drink can I freshen?
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. I have a date with Danny.
Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
But why?! I should've won one and I really want it and she didn't even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
No! Joey!
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?
He's the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Just like you told her you did! ... Just pointing out the irony.
Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Oh.
Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
Oh.
So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
A woman in a man's body.
Much better.
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Well, it's good that you finally have a place to do that.
Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
What are you guys woofing about?
Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
Yeah.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels...Also what is with these chips you bought?
Yeah, well, it feels different.
It's dry.
No no no no, it's potpourri. You're supposed to smell it.
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
Oh my God! I'm sorry, too soon. You go.
Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Oh my God! Whoah!
Well, what's the part?
Seriously, what-what's the part?
You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Hey!
Hey!
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
Not on you! On the stripper!
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Quick volleyball question.
Volleyball.
Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Hey, what time is it?
2:17.
Are you serious?!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm right here!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
I'm still right here!
I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Well, you just...
What?!
Ross, you should know that my pants are startin' to come down and I'm not wearing any underwear!
It's not that far! Just drop!
Do not rush me!!
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn't have the car! Right?
No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
And people will think you own a Porsche because you're wearing the clothes?
That is true.
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Did I squeeze it too hard?
Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.
Congratulations!
Uh-huh.
Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
Well, I eat a lot of meat right?
Yeah.
Joey, I can't believe you would do that for me.
I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Umm, no thank you.
What's with her?
Okay.
Oh well listen, anyway she's directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
What's a Movement class?
It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
Oh, I don't know man. I haven't talked to her in like ten years.
Look, the point is, there's a lot of women out there you haven't even had sex with yet!
Yeah, come on, think about it. You're 18, okay, she's 44, when you're 36, she's gonna be 88.
What, you don't think I know that?
Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
...is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So...
Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great...
Yeah?
What are you saying?
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Look, I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
Who the hell is Carl?!
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Yeah.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.
Yeah. And uh, I paid for the other half.
Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Yeah, sure. Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something?
Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
Sure. What?
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Nope. Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Okay, Chandler, come on!
Okay. Joey, trade lives with me!
Hey, I can handle it! All right?
Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Nice to meet ya.
At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.
Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
You're kidding.
Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
I'm gettin' my chair back!
What? Wh-hey!
Joey you broke my chair!!
Yeah, my neighbor... Yeah, the brunette... She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Joey!!
The green dress? Really?
Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.
Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another column.
Well there you go.
Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie?
Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
I am so sorry.
I know that too.
Hey!
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
This is Janice.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
I'm not breaking up with her!
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
You guys.
All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don't need any assistance in there, take a break!
Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
Okay!
All right!
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Well, you're amazing.
Oh no-no-no. This is amazing.
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
I think so.
I can do that for the kids.
Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
That's all you're basing this on?
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Oh my God!!
Listen, you know how uh, when you're wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Pheebs!
Hey!
Yeah!
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
You're all invited to bite me!
He's here. I'm assuming one of you is the father.
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Hey!
What's wrong?
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Yeah?
Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Hey!
Hey!
You let Joey drive it?!
Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? It wasn't that good.
And say nothing?
Uh-huh, yeah that's right.
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Really?
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
That's okay, Joe.
Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
How did you? How? How?
Hey!
Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!
All right, well maybe I'm enjoying it a little bit. I mean I'm getting pretty good at it.
Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
All right, then show me some manly moves.
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
We'll see.
Well all right then, I guess I shouldn't get to excited about the fact that I just kissed her!
Yeah. Don't do this to yourself.
She's made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
You serious?!
Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking.
Well, only if you order stuff.
Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here it doesn't hurt that bad.
What's going on?
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Hey! Maybe you'll die!
Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Yay!
Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Oh, yeah.
He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
We are bad people.
Hey, ready for dinner?
Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
We're sorry honey.
Oh, it's okay.
And heels.
Uh, yeah but uh, I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Why? Why can't the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
Isn't that a line from the show?!
That's a line from the show too!
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
No! No, I'm the minister! All right, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
I know! I'm sorry! The guy's drunk, they won't let me go until we get this.
Oh my God! I'm gonna have to find another minister.
Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities.
How you doin there squirmy?
I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
I have nothing to do with casting.
Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Whaddya see?
You okay, kiddo?
I did not know that! Thank you Monica. I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
No, those first two windows, that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
So uhh, you ready?
Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
You and Rachel.
What? Why not?
No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
Hi!
Hey!
I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
In this life, Phoebe.
Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
The only problem!
Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Thank you. Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Yeah, I'm-I'm sure. Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind.
I've been back and forth.
All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Whoa!
Yeah, come on, think about it. You're 18, okay, she's 44, when you're 36, she's gonna be 88.
What?
All we're saying is don't rush into anything.
What, you don't think I know that?
Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Hi!
Hey!
Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
How are we gonna do that? There's no way.
Well, there is one way. His window's open, I say, we poke him.
Yeah.
Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
You want to see her again, right?
Sure.
OK, turn around. I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Oh, that's true.
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Nothing!
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Yeah, I understand.
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
All right, and over there is Brady's Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
Yeah! She's right in there!
Oh great. Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?
All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
Me and Chandler?!
Uh-hmm.
I don't want to talk about it. Y'know, you could've at least saved me a whole cookie.
Hey.
Hey! How was sailing?
No-wait-no-no!!!!!!!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?
What trail?
Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you.
Oh.
Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?
Thanks!
Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
Why would you think that?
Everybody has to audition.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Oooo-ooh!
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Oooo-ooh!
Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
But the minute we start to lie to each other... And by 'we' I mean society.
Any time you're ready, Joey.
I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
Huh.
What?
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
That's a good point.
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Ooh, Madlibs, mine!
Condoms?
And condoms are the way to do that?
Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Hey, dude!
Oh that's my grandma. And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.
Anyway, I started working on what I'm going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Phoebe, your liver is right here.
Okay, then I must be disoriented.
Okay.
What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
With a man?
What? What is so strange about me having a date?
Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
Well, it's good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
So did you break up with Joanna?
I think so.
The volcano?
Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
From a bullet!
Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Oh, you weren't finished?
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
It's the same story.
Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
What?
Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
You can be the best man when I get married.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Well thanks!
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
No it's not weird, it's a miracle!
It's not a miracle Joey! I'm sure there's some explanation.
Joey, I really don't...
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
See you in 2003.
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
Yeah, thanks.
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
I uh, don't really have a preference. You?
I like it in the stern. ...of the boat. Hello.
What happened?
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
You guys have one of those signs that says 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
We do not have one of those signs.
Two girls and a boy?
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Oh that's great!
Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? You're the other one right?
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Y'know, there are two people who could put your picture up there.
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
I am.
Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Uhh, the ball thing.
Yeah?
Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!
She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
That is sooo not true!
What?
I can check that for ya.
No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
That would be Casey. We're going out tonight.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
What?
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
No. No, Kathy.
Consider Casey.
That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
So what are you gonna be?
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
We have a half hour.
No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you're gonna ruin it!
Hmmm, that's very cool.
R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! And-and Chandler's tellin' ya how much he hates marriage?!
There are?
Yeah! Richard!
That's right.
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
Oh my God!
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
What's the matter?
Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .
Well, I can't use these forever. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.
These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.
What?
No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?
No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
Y'know maybe a little bit!
Probably just the first half.
Yeah! Good for you Joe!
Now go! 'Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you're secret Santa!
Yeah, you did some real good thinkin' in there.
Man, this is...
All right, who got Chandler? 'Cause I uh, need to trade.
Hey! Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?
Gunther, kiss me.
What?
Can I sleep on your couch?
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Wow! Uh okay, well uh...
Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
No! No-no-no...
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
It looks like a women's purse.
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
Exactly! Unisex!
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
I don't think so.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
Well, I wouldn't call her a star, but she's really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.
I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Eh. I thought that was an alp.
Well, high school was not my favourite time.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Are you serious?!
Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Rach, these are for you.
Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
What-what are you talking about?!
Yeah. So?
Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
Joey, please.
Wow.
Man, I got this close to him and Monica kneed me in the back. What's going on?
Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her.
It could be like a big giant guy.
We were just wondering if Chandler's girlfriend is a girl.
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
For just you?
Yeah.
No I-I-I'm fine.
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
Can't we just use a pen?
No, Amish boy.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Five.
Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
No!
Yeah, you're right. Okay look, listen, let's talk about what a huge star I'm gonna be!
That's mean! You really had me going there!
Oh, we could do this all day.
You are gonna be a huge star! I'm gonna hug ya!
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
I Gotcha!!
Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Hey!
Sh-shh-shh!
Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
Picture? What picture?
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
Oh, thanks.
Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that's much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y'know what goes good with that?
Hm-mm, corn beef.
Okay.
Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
Really?
No freakshow, she's fictional.
Thank you.
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Everybody has to audition.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
Whoa. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
What?
What? So you never went out with an actress before?
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Your what?
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
Well I don't know remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
Hey!
But those are the words! Those exact words!
Hey!
Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.
Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
Okay. I went down to the 'Mattress King' showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
Oh God. Uh, okay, here's the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
What is the thing?
What?
Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They...feel a little unwanted.
Yeah, they're not coming.
What?!
Oh that's too bad. It's true, but too bad.
Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing and it kinda knocked me out a little?
So, rocks.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
Like a goalie, right?
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol's great and I'm sure you're a very attractive man, but I....
Let's go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.
Hey Joe did... Did you ever have a threesome?
No! The reason I'm asking is that... I sorta had one last night.
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
I had a wedding.
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Isn't Ben in this?
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
I can't believe she cracked your code!
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Eh. Beth dies.
Hey! Don't you hang up on me! I'll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
No! No, I'm the minister! All right, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn't so scary, was it?
I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
A pharmacist.
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
Sure! But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
Yeah.
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Hey, it's Janice.
Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
It'll kill him. I mean it'll, it'll just kill him.
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
Estelle said I didn't get it.
What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
What kind of problem?
No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr. Peanut than Mr. Salty.
I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Okay, but if you can't...no dinner!
You're on!
Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
That's not true!
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Go!!
No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
I gotta check out this hot girl! There she is!
Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.
Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
I highly doubt that.
I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
Yeah, right!
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
I can't believe you. You told me it was a nubbin.
Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.
Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.
What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Oh, y'know what? I can't. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
What is this? What's going on?
No, we didn't even pay our cable bill-maybe this is how they punish us.
Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must've hit something on the remote.
Do we pay for this?
Maybe we shouldn't pay our phone bill-free phone sex.
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Sorry.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Hello!
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Oh man!!
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Look I want you, now.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Joey, no means no!
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
Where do I know you from?
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
It was.
Those were like the best seats ever.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
No, that's all right.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
I had a wedding.
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Isn't Ben in this?
How do I look?
Hi. She said yes.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Look, what do you want me to say?
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
I want you to say that you like her!
Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
How do you do. Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! Did they have representation?
Then you go to Tokyo.
You play hard to get.
She already lives in London.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Yeah, but sandwich time is right now.
Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
All right, then you owe me $350.
"...by doin' it."
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
There you go!
Joe?
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
And the bunny got away.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
I know!
Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Yes that would have made more sense.
Phoebe? I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. You gotta come with me!
I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people.
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
Pop it in.
Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
That's a good point.
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Maybe he's. . . gay.
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.
Congratulations!
Uh-huh.
Get out your checkbook, mister.
I bet 'ya ya I could fit in there.
I've got five bucks says you can't.
Oh, I think I have the cash.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Yeah! Punch him!!
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Now, wh-what, what is that like?
It didn't.
Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
I so am.
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Oh. Right.
Hell no, we'll pay!
Hey, listen, lady.... ...whoa.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy, do they suck.
Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.
Oh my God!!
Ahhh.
Okay, here is the phone bill.
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Huh.
Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?
Oh, ooh.
What?
Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.
You wanna smell him?
I assume we're talking about the baby now.
I think my uterus just skipped a beat.
I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
We came over as soon as we saw.
How could you not tell us?
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Oh, you bet I am!
Gotcha.
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Okay, here's your penis!
Pheebs! There you are!
Go Joe!!!
Helloo! Oh!
No it's not, sorry.
Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.
Lifeguards.
Well, it sounds kinda stupid... Who's she?
Wow! Look at them run.
Uhh, 11!
Fancy guest.
Two seconds...
11, unbelievable 11 is correct. All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Yes that was mine.
Yes that would have made more sense.
I can't take any...
No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
Her dancer friends?
Dude, we were good!
All right, all right.
What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Joey, get out of the fridge.
What is that?
Mary-Angela.
I just got off the phone with my sister.
Ah, which, which one?
Mary-Angela.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Hmmm, that's very cool.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
Okay, good luck!
Hey!
I know! It's stuck!!!
Look.
Oh my God!
Easy. Step. How did it get on?
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Nothing!
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Great. You got anything that's not Ralph Lauren?
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
See, this is a great apartment.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Okay.
Shut up! This place is a hole!
Yeah, I didn't know you guys were going to be here.
Hey! Oh.
Hi, Joe.
Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Oh.
Yeah!
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
Two girls and a boy?
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
You spit on me man!
Look, I'm sorry.
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
I can still hear you!
I can hear that!
Rachel's at work.
Hey!
Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
You're not going to believe this!
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Again?
Waiting for candy.
What's up buddy?
What are you doing?
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
Really? I can do it?
What?
When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
I'd love it if you would do it.
Hey.
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Hey.
You guys okay?
Twice?
Oh, that sucks!
I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
That was good beer.
Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Yeah!
Ohh...
Well to tell you the truth, they uh, they had a problem with the bag!
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
What kind of problem?
Oh my God!
Yes!
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Right.
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
What?
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Anything but stew.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
What if Joey were president?
I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
I am.
No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
No, actually Laurie's a boy.
Hey!
What? No-no it's her birthday!
"Happy birthday to you!"
You're paying for that.
You've sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!
Well, since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
Well, these really are the days of our lives.
What?!
Oh God!
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
I'm sorry man.
Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.
Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.
How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.
I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
Uh-oh.
What?
Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
You really think so?
No.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Yeah. I really do.
Fuggetaboutit. How you doin?
Yeah.
Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.
Mmm.
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Where's Mary-Angela?
Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Uh-oh.
Is there a problem?
Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."
No, but it's okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Ohh great!! Hello.
Joey, it's Phoebe. Did you stop Rachel?
So nothing got ruined?
Uh, okay, Pheebs?
All right. Good deal.
Pheebs! Hey Pheebs!
Yeah?
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Okay.
All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this?
Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
That was unbelievable!
Okay, see? I told you!
I don't believe they're brother and sister.
Oh! That's nice.
Go!
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Joey, this is awkward part.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Really? That's great!
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
We'll see.
I just wanted to come by and y'know, wish you good luck on your date.
Hey!
Hey! What's up?
Oh thanks!
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ahh.
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Great, you can cover Chandler.
Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Okay.
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.
Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.
Whoah!
Relax your hand!
Not so much!
Hey!
So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?
That's patio furniture!
What about the birds?
Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Lets not do that any more.
Hey guys! Hey!
Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
You meant sex, right?
Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Well, not that its any of your business, but, no, we havent, okay?
Do you have a sec?
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
Five letters.
Rdtor.
So she's a woman! So what?
He doesn't do much, does he?
Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. Look, he's opening his eyes.
No, this is pretty much it.
Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?
Games and stuff.
There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
There's an ad for a naked chef?
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
Can't we just use a pen?
No, Amish boy.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
You could say that.
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
You gave him cookies?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
And twenty-five it is.
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Alright, we're gettin' closer.
Uh-huh.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Rach, these are for you.
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.
You're blowin' me off for a monkey?
Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.
Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Chandler's wearing panties.
Alright, alright. Woah, someone's flossing.
Joey, some people don't like that.
What? Let me see.
Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?
Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Hey, you got me, put it in.
Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
It's the off light. Right Ross?
You look pretty tonight.
Hey, yo.
Bye.
Tonight?
What's tonight?
Yeah, so.
What?
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
I did pay for half of it.
Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
So, I guess this is it.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Eddie.
Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.
Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?
Morning.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
So how you two gettin' along?
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
There's another carton right over there.
Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Oh my God, what's goin' on?
By someone besides Monica?
Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?
Yeah, sure.
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Good morning.
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.
But then you left.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Get away from that! No! She's just getting dressed.
Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Joey, this is you!
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Amazingly, that makes sense.
You think?
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?
I highly doubt that.
Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.
Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
I highly doubt that.
I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
I'll do it.
Okay, absolutely!
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
How often do you read it?
Maybe she killed him?
Then how come it is?
They've been quiet for a long time.
Let's go.
Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
What?!
What?!
Please!!
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Better?
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Well, that was ah...
Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.
Ah, Kate?
Better?
Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.
Very nice. Very nice.
So umm, I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
Hey! Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...
Well Ahh, yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
They gave me the shaft all right.
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Cool! I-I'll see you then.
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
How do you mean?
Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
Hey.
It's a little early to be drinkin'.
Ohhhhh!
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Okay. Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
But you said one.
I meant, me plus one!
All right, I'll see you tonight.
Yeah.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Hey! Are you okay?
Nah. I kept myself busy.
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
Fabulous.
Well, so, stay for the museums!
But, but wh-what about us?
Last night was wonderful. But I-I can't stay here just for you.
I'm sorry.
In a minute!!
Flight's in an hour. I-I gotta go.
Vic! Vic! Vic!!!
So this is it? Victor?
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
And tell him what?
I have actually not heard of that.
Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
That's not, prison lingo, is it?
His dancing partner?!
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
No, I'm good.
Really?
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Hey, that coupon expires, you know.
Well....
Goodnight.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Oh, I don't know.
You do?
What's up?
It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Yeah.
We've got a box.
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
I'll get it.
Oh man!!
I know!
Oh.
That's okay. Chandler's the one I'm mad at.
Hey.
Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am...
Well, I'm still sorry. Is he here?
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Go on.
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
You mean Dr. Geller?
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Thanks!
No.
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it's a pickle?!
Oh! Wait-wait! Is it my bologna sandwich?
Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
What are you writing?
A little salami.
Monica said that did she?
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl...
She was a welder.
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Oh no-no-no!
Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?
Well at least, I'm going to mute it.
We still have porn.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Or I'll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
No thank you.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
What's the game?! What's the game?!
Okay!
This is great!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
It was.
Those were like the best seats ever.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Monica and Rachel made out.
I can't believe you're getting married!
Yeah.
Morning's here! The morning's here!
Yeah we are!
Yeah. Yeah.
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
You got it.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Okay, see ya later.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Great!
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Oh, thanks!
I gotta go check something over here.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
Thanks man.
What a baby.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Thanks man.
Okay man.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Which, is the new plan!
Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
It could happen.
This will be your phone.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Hey!
Yes that was mine.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
I think I'm gonna take-off.
Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! Ohhh!
What?!
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Why?
What's going on?
Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't...
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
All this lying has been hard on us too.
Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. Shhh.
Hello, Chandler Bing.
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
I'm not listening to you!
And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone...
Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
U-N-I-sexy?
What's the part, Anti-man?
Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
Umm, do you sell these bags?
Okay! Thank you! That was great!
All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
God!
Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
No!
Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
Are you sure?
Maybe your scene's coming up?
Yeah.
How good is that?
Thanks.
No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!
Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Okay!
I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here!
Don't come out here!
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week!
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Hiya!
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Hey! How you doin'?
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Oh man!!
What?
"Smoke away."
I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
Relax your hand!
Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Ross, if you don't tell them, then I will!
Okay, fine!
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
Joey, why is your cable out?
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
You guys need anything, 'cause I'm heading up there.
No.
No, thank you.
I'd love an ice water.
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Wow! Uh okay, well uh...
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
The ring from the cave, yeah.
Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut...
Aw, I love that.
You guys!
Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
All right, don't waste it, I mean its still food.
I've never lived like this before.
I know.
What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
You pushed him!
Joey, I did not break this! Okay? That has been broken for a while.
Uh-huh.
And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
What?
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
BEND OVER?!!!
Wow! Well then I'll just have to carry you.
Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
That'll be a neat trick, when you're, when you're dead!
Hey! So I'm back.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Who are you?
All the time!
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
All the time?
Oh my God! Oh my God!!
You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Ahh, yes.
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Okay. Okay.
Dude!
I love you too Chandler.
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
She's gone. She had a bag and she left.
What are you talking about?
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
You got porn!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Hello.
What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there.
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
That is the Coast Guard.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Or not.
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah okay. Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Your tax dollars?
Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm right here!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
I'm still right here!
Why is 10 the highest?
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
No, 10 is the highest.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
Pretty good.
Oh good. Ahhh! My God, sorry!
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Man, do you know what guys want!
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Yeah, but you always say that.
What party?
Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
Oh no.
A birthday party.
Yeah, look how that worked out.
32.
Wait a minute! Why don't you guys do something?!
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Please, can't you help me out?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Oh! Sorry. Uh, I've got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Huh? Uh...
Dude! Dude!
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
Come here, check this out!
Ross!
What?
What? Is it the comet?
That's true.
She's not even cold yet!
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
Okay? You ready?
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
All right everyone, lift! And slide!!
Hey Joey, can I...
Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
It's ridiculous!
It's winter, they are fewer people on the street.
That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Oh, my baby!
Cut!
Oh, just years of experience.
Say what?
Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
You're not the fan who's dying are you?
I'm supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that's not supposed to be until later!
I don't think so.
Movies?
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
No I-I-I'm fine.
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
You'll have a last kiss.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
There's this kid in my class who said he's in love with me.
If I can't have it you can't have it!
I'll take it back tomorrow.
Thank you.
Professor Geller?
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
Wow! Sure! That's great!
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
That's right.
Yep.
But you told them you weren't?
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
I just have to call my agent and tell her I can't do the part.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Unless!
Hit me! Ohh man! Wait!
Let's ride.
13.
Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show?
Phoebe, that stuff is...
Don't even get me started on yours!
I did.
Really? Who-who have you taught?
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Hey you guys! What's happening?
No, seriously.
Well she's, she's the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious.
Oh my God!
Ross, you don't have to yell.
Wow! Well then I'll just have to carry you.
That'll be a neat trick, when you're, when you're dead!
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Yeah me too.
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
Wow. Good speech.
Oh! That's nice.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Yeah, it really was!
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
Sorry, sorry.
That's fine, I'll just wait!
Oh, sorry.
Monica!
Hey, Kate!
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
The little ones do.
Morning.
When is she leaving?
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?
Tonight. What are you doing?
No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
Hey!
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Well, what are you going to wear?
Well, that's really a different question.
I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it...
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?
Is there something wrong?
Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Huh, I never really noticed.
Monica, Monica is great.
Hi!
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
What four of us?
Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Well, you just...
What's the rush? What?
Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
God Joey, this is taking forever!
W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
Hey!
Whoah!
Hey!
Alright, now try taking a puff.
What happens if you flick it?
So what's it shaped like?
Yeah, is there a hair on it?
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
You know what the. . .
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
That's Fergie baby!!
That's... That's was...
Oh my God!
Joey says you don't really like his hat, but I think it's kinda dashing.
Ohh great!!!
Ahh Pheebs, you know you're still my number one girl.
No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Okay...
I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Come on Joey!!!
I can't believe you would say that!
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Did I squeeze it too hard?
Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
That's right!
All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it!
Oh Joey!
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
Yeah, I've been around.
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Hey, dude!
Oh that's my grandma. And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.
Pheebs!!
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Hey!
Yeah?
Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
Stop it!
Please stop it!
Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?
He's the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
What-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
What?
I can't handle two nights in a row with them.
I don't know, they're just a little blah!
I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
Okay! Okay, you're yelling again! See that?
Huh?
Just sit over there!!
No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
Hey Pheebs?
Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
Oh hi!
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
Well then let me do it!
Joe...
Joey look it's really sweet...
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
That is true.
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
You're so welcome.
Is that supposed to be me?
Wow!
You?
Yeah!
Yeah!
What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
What?!
Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one.
Oh my God! You're pregnant!
Hey man, you feeling any better?
Joey, we have something to tell you.
No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Feminine.
Are you sure?
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
Yes!
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Sorry!
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Well we'll see!
Y'know what Ross? I'm not gonna let you get away with this!
I don't think you have much choice.
Bye-bye!
What?! Tonight?!
Oh! Sorry. Uh, I've got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
That's what Monica said.
Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine!
Yeah!
98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
Here we go! Here we go!
Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Good luck!
I see.
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Psss, that is whack!
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
Yeah, that's her.
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
Thank you.
What kind of smell?
All right, so... next time, you take her to your place.
No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.
I don't know. Soap?
Really?
Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...
No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
Ooh!
Okay!
Joey! Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. Not that one.
Uh-huh.
So uh, which one is mine?
Ohh yes.
Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
For what?
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Whoa! And the... huh-huh?
All right, Ross!
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
You cuddled.
Whoa! And the... huh-huh?
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
Yeah, which was nice.
Check it out, he's winning! Pete's winning!
Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
Oh, I can't watch this.
Really?!
'Sup? 'Sup dude?
No.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
Yeah. Uh, ...a slice......six dollars?
I was thinking more like a hundred.
Oh...
Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing and it kinda knocked me out a little?
So, rocks.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
One! No ten! You said ten! You can't take that back!
I don't know Rach.
Oh, come on! I'll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.
Hey Joey, you wanted to talk to me?
Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.
You make it so funny.
Hey umm, what's this?
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
"...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
No! Why?
Are you serious?!
I'm kinda beat.
Actually, me too.
Yeah.
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
Check it out, Giants-Cowboys.
You're watching a football game at a funeral?
You are a frightening, frightening man.
Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Sorry.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Hello!
So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
Oh, I was unbelievable.
Pheebs?
She is so hot!
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err...
Yeah?
Marcel?
Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry.
Marcel?
Marcel?
Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?
I'm goin' home.
What?
Goodnight.
All right.
Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
That is so funny. Let me see that.
You wanna smell him?
And who is this little cutie pie?
Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?
I assume we're talking about the baby now.
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
I'm movin' out like we talked about.
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Well, there you go.
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
What is this? Fruit?
Monica's making jam.
Because the kids need new shoes.
Hey! Hey!!
Well, they go into the chipper.
Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
I know, it was the best I could get out of them.
All right, let's do it!
No, no, no. What was that?
Well, people!
Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Hey! How's it going?
Good.
Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Beth, Beth dies?
Um-hmm.
No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Okay. No. But thanks.
Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
What, he's 18.
Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Always illegal Joe.
Oh, no. Ah, I playing your husband, Victor. I'm Joey Tribianni.
Oh, so you're playing Adrienne, huh?
Yes. Are you one of the retarded cousins?
Hi, nice to meet you. Kate Miller.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey!
Sure.
Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
Destiny.
Yes.
Wanna play strip poker for practice?
Well! Good night. I'm going upstairs.
G'night.
Ow! My ass. Okay. Okay. Oh, shhh!
No, I'm not! And it wasn't a hop it was a pademarie.
Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
You are soo enjoying this.
You know the words! You are so into this!
Look, you wanna use our place?
So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
No, I ahh, had another idea.
We did it!!
Look, you wanna use our place?
No, I ahh, had another idea.
I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
Hey! Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?
Gunther, kiss me.
What?
Can I sleep on your couch?
You got all that from the back of her head?
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Five years.
Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
That's a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
You've sentenced him?!
Hey! Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
Five years.
You've sentenced him?!
Joey, the guy's your best friend.
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Guest.
Everyday use.
Fancy.
Fancy guest.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Yeah.
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
What's Phase Two?
No-no, it's uh, it's Heston.
Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
You?
What?
Awwww!
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Hello?
Surprise!!
Hello?
Surprise!!!
No one's ever thrown me a surprise party before!
What-what-what is so funny?
Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
Like what?
I said, "Like what?"
No, we didn't even pay our cable bill-maybe this is how they punish us.
Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must've hit something on the remote.
Do we pay for this?
Maybe we shouldn't pay our phone bill-free phone sex.
No! You don't want to wreck it, you don't want to go to fast!
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
I don't want to do that.
Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys.
Yeah, she is. Wow! How you doin'?
Alll right, we'll call you in a few minutes.
Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
What?!
Dude! I am trying to sleep!
I gotta go.
Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! Yeah, well, that oughta do it.
Y'know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
London baby!
Woo-hoo!!
Yeah, cheerie-o!
Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying.
But it's dark out.
Monica? What time is it?
Uhh, 9.
Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
I told ya.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Yeah, me either.
No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Now calm down Joey.
Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! Enh? All right, what do you think?
I'll take it!
That might work!
You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Yeah!
Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
Yeah!
Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Ahh-oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
Yes it's true.
Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
I guess I wanted to keep it as a souvenir.
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
Wait a second, I could star in it!
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Or that.
G-sharp.
Yes! Yes, I did.
Then do Iceberg!
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? Have you? Oh my God!
Your other student, was you!
Thank you.
Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
Ross! Janice?!
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Hey Pheebs! Hey!
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. Oh, hi Joey!
Hey!
I'm in it.
Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
Yeah.
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
That's right baby.
Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
All right, let me in.
An annulment? Ross! I don't think surgery's the answer here.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
Oh-oh, that's your thing.
Thank you.
Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them!
Coffee.
Cappuccino.
Yeah, well, it feels different.
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
It's clean.
It's dry.
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Hey you guys.
Hey Joe what's up?
I can see why that's hard to resist.
Let's go watch it at your place.
Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
You forget how many great songs Heart had.
What?!
I don't know. Me neither.
Yeah.
But it really...
What? No-no it's her birthday!
You've sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!
You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.
That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
Nice!
Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
That's ridiculous! I'm not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.
Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
The ring from the cave, yeah.
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
Yeah, you're great! Okay, let's take it from...
What?
I am extremely talented!
No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Oh right, your allergies. All her, she hates you.
As crazy as soccer?
I don't know! But it's the same!
What?!! That's even worse!!
How is that worse?!
Look, I'm sorry! But there's nothing I can do, I think I'm in love with her!
Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Oh! I've got a lot of those too!
The shipment never made it through Omaha?
No! He blew us off!
It was the ring!
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
What?!
Oh it's water under the bridge, forget it!
And-and-and-and-and-and, and we're gonna be friends again!
Heyyyy-What?
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
That's not what she said last night.
Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I'm sorry.
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
See? Now, he could date her.
Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? It wasn't that good.
And say nothing?
Uh-huh, yeah that's right.
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Yeah, for you!
Ten. Okay. Now Tag there's such a thing as to many women.
Really?
Hey! There you are!
I've got cold feet.
I don't want to marry Chandler!
Okay, uh...
...it's gonna be okay!
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
She was?
It's not that far! Just drop!
Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
It's still looks pretty far!
Do not rush me!!
Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Ah.
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
They're in my bag over there.
Uh, could you leave me one?
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
Hi!
Hi! What are you doing here?
Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Well-well-see? Parents are comin'!
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Ross's parents are my parents!
Y'know I think we should invite them.
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Hey.
Hey.
The show?!
What?!
So, does that mean the audition is off?
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Let me see that!
All right.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
Yeah, we look great together.
Oh yeah, that looks good.
You guys make a very attractive couple.
Yeah, we really do!
Uhh....
Huh.
Well? Aren't you gonna do something?
You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?
Yeah, hero sandwiches.
I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. Not you Joey.
You and Rachel.
It's never gonna happen.
What?
What? Why not?
So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Don't worry about it already. Things happen.
Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?
I didn't get it.
I went.
Great, how did it go?
Good for you.
Ross! They're gonna kill you!
Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle.
And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Your chair?!
Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
Joey you broke my chair!!
Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
Oh yeah.
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
No.
Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?
She is gonna hate me.
Yeah, well...
That's patio furniture!
They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son.
I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.
Right. Could you sign this?
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
I'm sorry, it just felt nice.
Joe. Joe! Answer the phone.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
They didn't fight a lot?
And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
None.
No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
You bet! What's the part?
Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.
I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?
Oh it's great, it's a role on All My Children, Nick the boxer.
This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
Okay uh, here's the electric bill.
Uh, yeah.
Now, don't argue with me...
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
No, you should.
Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.
Feminist issue. That's where I went!
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
She is gonna hate me.
It's between us and the sea, Ross!
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
What the hell happened on that beach?!
Hi, Ursula.
Uh, does it hurt?
Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Sure.
It did at first, but not anymore.
Hey Monica!
Pretty much.
All right.
Hi!
Yeah, right.
Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter.
Ahhh.
Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music.
I'm not wrong! I wish I was. I'm sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn't sound so bad now, huh?
I'm telling you man, I saw it.
Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong.
It just makes more sense as an ensemble.
Right, they uh, they choppered me in. What's up?
Hey Erica, c'mon in.
How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?
Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
And what did he say?
So, so how did it happen?
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
He's fine!
Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
Is he okay in there?
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
Why are you screaming and hugging?
Because we won our apartment back!
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
See?
How good is that?
Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Hm-hmm.
Yeah?
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Services? Oh, services.
Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. All rightie, bye bye.
Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
Yeah, what-what's going on?
I knew you were not okay with that.
So you're a gladiator! Wow!
Monica had lunch with Richard.
What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
I don't believe this!
Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
I kinda feel like it's my fault.
God, I feel so guilty about Ross.
Oh, I know.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Aww crap!
I'm 30!
Joey, you are not! You're 31.
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Alright...
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Alright, here's my $7.50. But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Nothing. No, nothing.
I've uh, I've come to talk to Ross.
What?
I was going to call him, but...
Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
I put it on to scare Chandler!
Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.
Hi! How are the Gellers?
Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter's machine!!
That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
Don't call us that!
Like what?
That's not gonna happen. No. Because we have a new deal!
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
What?
He's gonna eat the cake!
Oh yeah.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Okay. Okay.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
We could get that Everest video though.
Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
Oh, well...
Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great...
Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
What's up Joe?
Yeah?
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Oh yeah!
Really?
Anybody gonna eat that?
Pheebs, I don't think anyone's mad about that.
Exactly! Because it's in the past!
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Oh don't worry, I'm not really a party girl.
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Got it!
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Well thanks!
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Oh hi!
Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink.
Mr. Tribbiani.
Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center.
I'll be playing Drake Remoray's twin brother, Stryker!
I got-I get a big pay raise!
Oh hey!
Oooh!
Oh-oh, what about Ross?
Great!
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
What?!
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... Actually, thanks!
Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Oh, thanks!
Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
Phoebe here with the cab yet?
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
Uh, no, she's at dance class.
Can I check out what she did to my room?
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Why not?!
Oh-ooh-ooh! Y'know what's a good visual aide?
Please don't say naked chicks.
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Come on, they're close.
Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
Do what?
What?
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
Put all my money in me.
How come you don't live with Mommy? How come Mommy lives with that other lady? What's a lesbian?
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Hello!
Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos
Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
All right, I'm here, let's ahh, get this over with.
Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead.
Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.
It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
I don't know, it's such a long trip.
Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
I did it anyway.
Yeah! Once.
Well, what'd you do?
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
Oh god.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
Yeah. Run ten blocks, that'll help the smell.
What are you doing?
A test?!!
Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! We should have essay questions!!
I...Reorganized The Fridge. See, Bottom Shelf: Meats And Dairy. And Top Shelf expired products.
Do you have any respect for your body?
Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.
No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.
Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Don't answer that.
What?
Was she good?
Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Uh, oh-ho bye.
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy , and that guy . And that one-Dude! They're all huge!
They don't look any bigger than me!
I'm just going to say hi to the lads. All right?
What happened?
So what happened?
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Ok, this could be tough.
What?!! No I'm not!!
Thank you!
Joey's a sex addict.
It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Hey! Are you okay?
Fabulous.
Become a drama critic!
Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
Maybe that's because soy-burgers suck!
Being pregnant is tough on your tummy.
That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. Smile!
I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Well, I guess that's it.
Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.
That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
I will sit with you Dr. Geller.
Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
Just a, uh... hearing disability.
Oh.. you don't get it!
Whaddya got there?
What's the score?
Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Oh no-no-no, I'm there.
Hey!
You made pancakes?
It's not what you think, that was...
Who?
Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's lounge.
You told me I was the only one.
Why would he turn off the TV?
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
As crazy as soccer?
You mean you didn't get it from this?
Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Hey!
Hey!
You let Joey drive it?!
I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Oh man!
Unless...
Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
See?
Hm-hmm.
I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Sorry.
I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...
How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Hey! Is the show still on?
Well that I can believe.
Yay!
Almost over man.
Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.
Does it have to be a whole day?
Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.
So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Hey! Dude, some guy just called for you.
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
Who was it?
Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
Me too.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Me neither.
Guys, we bought the tickets.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
So...
Absolutely!
Oh!
Oh, time's up.
Bye... bye... BIRDIE.
That's a bird?
Hey, that's never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
He does not look happy.
Hey-hey, now he's showing us his poking device.
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Exellent dream score.
Doing it on this table.
Wow!
Why, why, why would you dream that?
This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
What?
Hey, how, how did you do that?
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
Yeah! Why don't you stick around. You can sit right there.
Well, I said it loud.
It is okay, if I stay and watch?
Well, that went well.
Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
It's-it's-it's almost dead!
Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
I-I think I'm gonna look around a little bit more.
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
Where do I know you from?
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
No-o-o!!
Check it out, he's winning! Pete's winning!
Really?!
Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area.
Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.
No! God, would you just calm down!
I'm gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just...
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
Oh, uh... don't forget your coupon. .
Ah. Hm. Wanna go to bed?
I'll be in in a minute.
Goodnight.
I think you're right.
Noo! Nothing!
Y'know what, we have to turn off the porn.
All right, ready?
Have you seen Monica?
Hey.
Hey.
I'm not seeing Monica.
Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out!
I kinda feel like it's my fault.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Hold on.
In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Um-hmm.
Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you."
I think you look fine.
Whenever you're ready.
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
No! It's not okay! It's not okay at all!! You're dead inside!!
So that story doesn't make you cry?
No! Look, I don't cry! It's not a big deal! Okay?!
Excuse me.
Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat.
Dude-dude-dude!
What?!
Hi.
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!!
Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Here you go.
Okay, in we go.
Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! How you doin'?
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
Let me see that! Oh man!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Sure. So how long you been...
Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?
Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Serious?
Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Are you scared?
Oh, we're having a big party tomorrow night. Later!
Thanks.
Why do you need it?
Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?
Nooo, later.
Oh, we're having a big party tomorrow night. Later!
Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?
Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!!
Are you bachelors?
Oh, it's Ross's bachelor party.
Sooo?
Nooo!
Hey! Any good mail?
That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
Hey.
Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor's Guild.
Chandler!
Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
I don't know, Chandler is supposed to be passin' 'em around...
Hello-dillillio!!
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
I, um, can't tell you.
Joey, what's going on?
About what?
So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
We didn't change..
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Fortune! This guy is so stupid. It's Count Rushmore!!
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
No, Janice.
Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
Okay.
Oh God!
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Oh right, right.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
Halftime.
Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
The what?
Who?
I'll get you the Cliff Notes.
The abridgment.
People, people, people.
I know, it was the best I could get out of them.
Well, people!
Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.
Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?
Oh, oh, I got it! Pete-Chicago.
That's not a state Joe.
I got to go, so ah, I'll see you guys later.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. Nothing.
Yeah, kinda.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Tasty! I'm really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it's-it's nice.
Y'know, about what happened with us.
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
About what?
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
No he doesn't!
Wh-what's going on?
Oh.
Two hours, that lasted!
Stop callin'!!
Hello.
Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I'm...
Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
What the hell happened?!
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
One.
I think you're right.
All right, ready?
Two.
Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It's just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
No, that's all right.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
Ohh!!
You got your passport?
Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don't want to lose that.
There it is.
Do something..... Something....
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Hey.
Hi, Rach.
Maybe I could do it.
Hi!
Hi!
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
After what I did? Can you blame her?
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Now calm down Joey.
Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
Okay, I'll stop.
Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
You wanna play?
But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man!
This is your place?
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
Ugh!!
Yeah, all right. Ooh!
I know, I know! What am I going to do? Ooh!
No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
Joey!
Really?! Well, when?
So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
Oh we do, but not just yet.
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
What equity investments?
Uh, wow, 700.
Well, what did you have?
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Not 700 exactly?
I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Lecroix. Janine Lecroix
So, uh, wh-where ya from?
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.
What's the matter? Are you upset?
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Okay.
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
No! No! No! For my new fridge-our new fridge!
Our new fridge? I don't live here anymore.
Uh-huh.
I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
Wow!
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Uh-oh!
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Yeah.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
Sweepin'. Why? Turn you on?
No.
Joey, did you my face cream?
Great! I'm finally getting into this sailing stuff.
Ahoy!
Hey! How's the boat?!
Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. You're changing it!
I can't help it!
Borrow money from me?
All right, what are we havin'?
Stick to your side!
Hey, come on now!
Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty?
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Well, that-that-that's it? You're gonna, you're gonna put it on your self or anything?
Uh listen, here's your Soapie. I accepted it for ya.
Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this means?!
No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if you'll excuse me.
No! Never! Never! Bye.
Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you later.
Okay. But not about this!
No touch! No touch!
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
And a date with a man!
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Thanks.
No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so...
Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
Well, that's really a different question.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
What?!!
Congratulations.
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
That is amazing.
Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?
Okay, here's your penis!
Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
So?!
Then, uh, then I'm sorry.
no. No, I, I couldn't do that.
Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
You know... You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
I think I left a donut up here.
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
What are you doing?
Hey!
I like her so much!
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
I can see why that's hard to resist.
Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
I don't even know how I would go about it.
Oh, please!
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
I got it! Here we go.
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
I'll get it.
Hello.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
It's me, Joey!
Oh-oh-oh, yeah! That's right, you take good care of those babies!
Excuse me?
Do I know you?
Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
Okay.
Here are the audition scenes.
Why would you think that?
Ooh, very official.
Okay, I'm done with my choices, these are final.
Well, it's about time.
Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
All right. All right.
What?!
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
Well, you know Chandler.
Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
All right, we'll start with...apples.
Deal!
Challenge excepted.
We'll be starting with apples.
Here, I got five, I got five.
Fifteen.
Alright, here's ten.
Thank you.
: Ahhh, that's alright. Y'know, that's a tough hand to beat.
Full house.
You got me.
: I thought we had them!
I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
Hey.
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
That's not Ross!
I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
Wh-what?!
Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
Yeah that dog left!
Huh! Where is the dog?!
What dog? There-there's no dog here.
Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!
For Ross.
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
For Ross, Ross, Ross.
I'm out.
He cut off his ear.
And?
He painted that.
We did?
Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
We all chipped in.
You owe me 20 bucks.
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Oh that's great!
Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
I'm sorry, do I know you?
What are you doing?
Oh! You got it?!
No-no, stay right there. Gettin' closer.
Yep! Grab a plate.
Okay.
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?
You'd better run!
Did you hear that?
Yeah, I'm sorry man. You wanna go watch?
Fine!
Well, she graduated from high school!
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
Yeah!
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Okay dude! Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
That's right.
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am!
If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?

No! Sam Waterston!
No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am!
No! Sam Waterston!
No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
All right, I'll take care of it.
What's the matter?!
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
Oh no, wait! Joey!
Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
Y'know-y'know what I really want?
What?
Any progress?
Miracle!
Can you tell me how this happened?
Well no.
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
Oh, hey listen! The Soapie's called today and I also get to present an award.
What award are you practicing for?
Grammy, Best New Artist.
Ohh that's great!
Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Hey!
Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
This is your place?
Tell me about it, huh? Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! Ewwuck!
Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
I'm sorry, do I know you?
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Oh hey! How was your audition?
What are you doing?
Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .
Hey.
Hey.
Yeah me too.
The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
What is it?
Based on this play? ...Based on this play!
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Ooh, that bad, huh?
What?
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
What? Me having a job?
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Really?
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Well, you're amazing.
Oh no-no-no. This is amazing.
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
Oh no!
You slept with my sister?
This is not good for my rage.
You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?
I'm a dancer.
Well, I think I'll go and unpack.
If he goes first he can!
I stole Monica's and changed the name.
You can't do that!
Hey!
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
You have to respect the sea!
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Why?
Hey.
Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?
You can pee here!
Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
This is so cool!
So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. I've done it again.
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
You were in a porno?
That is wild.
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you.
Thanks!
I know.
No ma'am.
Can't hear you!
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
Why should I help you?!
Hi, how are ya?
Joey, Joey, I-I-I'll g-get you your job back if you help me out.
The reason he just said.
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
What if I smack my head on the concrete?
Well, I'm gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
She's right y'know.
Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Hey!
Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Nice work my friend.
Morning!
I know! I'll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
Oh, okay!
Oh right.
Yeah. I'll let you play with my duck.
Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around.
Yeah?
Hey, stripper!
Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in!
You look cute in bubbles.
Ehh, you're just liquored up.
I've had a very long, hard day.
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Thanks for telling me!
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!

What's wrong?
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
What?! It's 6 o'clock!
What message?
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
No kidding.
Where do you work?
Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Well, it's good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
The volcano?
What?!
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Probably because...
Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
You can be the best man when I get married.
Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
I just asked that girl out.
Nice!
Yes it is. See.
So that's why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Oh my God!!
That's where you pick up the bag.
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
Thank you.
But are you sure you can do this?
Now, is that never talking about it again?!

Oh.
Hey Joe.
I'll be right with you. Okay? Thanks, Wendy.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
Hey.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
So, is Janine around?
Just being friendly.
You got it.
Joey, what are you doing?
Joey, honey, I don't think you're supposed to go back there.
Uhh do it?
Yeah?
What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you're working?
That guy has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He's complained about you three times!
I don't know! Charity?
I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat!
Why would a charity give away a free boat?!
Ugh!
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Sorry Phoebs.
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink.
So what are you guys out doing today?
You done?
You're not gonna like it.
You want my advice?
Yes! Please!
That's okay.
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
All right, well I guess I'll just have to do what I do on dates.
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
So let's decide on the spending limit...
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Oh my God! That's great! Congratulations! What's the story?!
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
He's got the body for it.
It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
Really, is he a swimmer?
I like that. What?
That's a two line part.
What?
That audition.
Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
Yeah, and I'm a little tired from digging the hole.
Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
It's like two miles!
Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
I can't believe he didn't come!
Oh-no, y'know with Gandolf we'd be out all night!
Sure! Where are the seats?
Really?!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Wherever! I've got like 20!
Way to be strong, man!
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
Hey!
What did you say to him?
Why?! Why not?!
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
Just okay-Did you do it right?!
All right! So, was it amazing?
It was, it was okay.
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
I don't know! I haven't totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
Come on man, really how old?!
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Oh no, wait! Joey!
73! 72! 71!
What?
Shut up!
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
You must stop!
I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
No, no, no, don't say "listen." I know that "listen." I've said that "listen."
I'm sorry.
: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Oh, OK.
So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your special someone?
Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Uh, no, she's at dance class.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
So, is Janine around?
Can I check out what she did to my room?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
We've got a problem.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Does anybody need anything?
Sperm or regular?
Where you going?
To the bank.
Sperm.
Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
Heard about the leg burnin' huh?
It came up.
So I nodded off a little.
Ooh, I like that.
Ooh, we could end up with nothing.
Or you could end up with everything.
All right, so what do you say?
All right!
Stop callin'!!
Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.
What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything...
Umm, well, what else could it be?
Oh cool! You made him cry!
Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.
It's kidney stones.
I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
She's not crazy is she?
Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
Ah!
No.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Hey there you are!
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe you changed?
I didn't change!
What?!
If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Well forget it! It doesn't hurt that baaad!!!!
Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! Oh. Are you? Are you?!! Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. But for you, yay! Ohh.
It's just I can't because my manager said I... "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
That'll be $3.85.
What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!
Amy!
Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
Yes.
I knew you were likely to take a wife!
Come in! Come in! We're engaged!!!
He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Ross you left you scarf in... Hey you guys.
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Hi!
Excellent.
Hi.
Hey, how'd it go?
We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Um-hmm.
Uh fellas,
Okay, so he's out of here.
Hey!
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Not once did we do that.
Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
Yeah you did.
Okay.
Yeah?
IN LONDON!!!
How?! When?!
It happened in London.
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Chandler.
Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
Awww, man! Really?
No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Hi.
Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
Your what?
Oh, she's uh-uh really sick.
Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it's just gonna be me again tonight.
What happened to Janine?
Oh that's too bad.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
All right, listen, Ross... you like this girl, right?
What kind of smell?
I don't know. Soap?
Yeah.
Not so much.
Sure.
Paid your phone bill?
Hey.
I gotta get one, too.
I guess so.
You know, it's... something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.
What are you guys doing?
H-h-h-how's the duck?
Somebody lose a ring?
Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much!
He's doing just fine, he's resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.
How you doin'? Joey Tribbiani, America.
Thanks.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
Hello?
What's in it?
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
Sir?
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard?
Why would I return it? I love this bag!
All right, then you owe me $350.
Joey...
This is where I keep the pizza. And-Hey! Where did the napkin go?!
It could've been a hair straightener.
Oh.
Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Thank you. Hey Pheebs!
Here you go.
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Hey!
Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?
Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.
Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.
Ma?
Joey!
Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
Yeah, I've had it.
Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Well I've had it.
Had it.
I was afraid of that.
Hey, is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
Oh honey no, you ate it all.
Y'know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! You're not getting dressed.
Hey, y'know what you guys? I think I'm gonna go walk her home.
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks.
Hey. Oh, poor Pheebs.
Oh man!
Oh, and plus I'm 1/16th Portuguese.
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
Oh yeah.
Oh!
Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.
Ahh!
What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?
Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?
What are you gonna do?
It's hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
Well then let me do it!
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
We're never gonna find anybody.
Joe...
Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
Hey!
How did it go with Erin?
Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
You knew about that?
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Nooo.
Come on you guys, one more time.
Ok. One.
That was amazing!
Yes, it's in my... In...in my pocket. My back pocket! My back pocket!
Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! Hi, Paul is it?
Do you have my credit card?
Thank God!
Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
Well yeah, that and Chandler's problem.
Yes that would be lovely.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown &#150; I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
No I don't think so.
Y'know what? I think that's enough for today. Thanks for your help!
Yeah?
Oh my God. I mean...
He's holding us back.
Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I'm not playing with this guy, now.
Oh, my.
Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let's play some ball, guys.
Fine with me.
Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
Wow, you look...
No time for that!
Well, I've got a girl in here.
No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
Well, I've got a girl in here.
Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Okay, good to see you again.
Or I'll call you!
And call me!
Bye.
Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself!
No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
What?
Wait! You're going out with Kathy!
Well, this has been great!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving!
See ya!
Someone you didn't make up!
Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Raymond Chandler.
Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Well, they go into the chipper.
Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
So, what happens to the old guys?
Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!
Oh right, right.
Whoa, ah!! We're you just gonna give me some lemonade?
Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
My God Monica!!
Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
We all hate Emily!
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
What's going on?
Nooo!!
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Hey uh, what's a matter?
Well, we're fashioning a very long poking device.
All right.
I talked to Janice.
OH YES!!!!!
Okay. Ooh, y'know we could just do this.
Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
Strip Happy Days Game?
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Hey!
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Okay.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
What?
Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
Damn!
Hey, man!
Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Hey.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I'm doing something exciting and I don't wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y'know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Thank you, Joey.
What's this?
I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
It's a beautiful thing.
I would have to say that is an 'L'-shaped bracket.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
What?
Five oh dollars.
That's great.
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Yeah.
I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.
It doesn't say that in the script.
So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
So?
Oh, good point.
So did that do anything for ya?
You too!
Happy New Year, Joey!
Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. Choo! Choo! Choo! Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it... Choo!! And if I don't get it, I'm gonna shoot this duck!
That's right!
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Oh no!
Good luck.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
You too.
Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.
All right.
Okay. Yikes! That one doesn't look very fulfilled.
You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
Oh no-no-no-no!
Why would he turn off the TV?
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
We don't know what could make this go away.
All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!
Hey, thanks for talking to me.
Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!
What?
There's gravy?
Hey!
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
No, no, no!
Can we start over?
Yeah. Okay great. Im gonna be over here.
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
Urse...
Hi.
Hey.
..ah, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.
Don't worry, it's out there! I think I just need lunch.
Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Yeah.
Your sister stood me up the other night.
Hi.
Trouble?
Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?
But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe!
Pheebs! There you are!
No it's not, sorry.
Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
Don't you ah, don't you wanna ask me any questions?
Sure. Ummm. What's up?
What gay thing?
Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.
Hey-hey.
Guess what, I got an audition!
I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?
Now, wait a second! You make food and robots?
Your company has a fine foods division?
It's a big company, I don't-if you-I...
No! No, the robots just work for them.
Do you uh, do you-ready for a refill?
I know. Yeah, his name is Pat.
Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!!
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Oooo-ooh!
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Oh, I'm sorry. You wanna bite?
Oh well, we don't because we got...the...other pl-place.
How rude.
So how are things going with Paul?
What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
What are you playing with?
Oh, it's my new beeper.
Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
No, I'm alright man. Really.
Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.
Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
No, I'm picking you up.
Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!
Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
Joey, can I talk to you for a second?
Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
No-no, she really is sick!
Bye.
That's funny, I saw no phlegm.
Then why-why is she going to a play?!
Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
Oh my god, what were you thinking?
I couldn't do it.
No, of course not! ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Good for you, Joey.
When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
I couldn't do it.
Good for you, Joey.
Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
Thank you!
Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
My mom will.
Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Twice?
So, um, did she...
Twice.
Oh, that sucks!
You're one to talk.
...I d'know.
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
Wow. He's strict.
Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
OK, turn around. I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.
That's fine, thank you.
Next.
Name?
Holden McGroin.
Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio.
Name?
Tell him.
Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
Ooooh.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Needs some clothes altered?
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
So, so how did it happen?
All right Phoebs, way to go.
Yay me.
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.
Oh my... God?
So, what're you gonna do?
Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
So, what're you gonna do?
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Aaaaagggghhhhh. Mommy
Cut.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
Cut.
He-he-eyy.
Ok.
There's the man.
Hey, you're gettin' better. I'm gonna keep this by the way.
Not a dad.
Nighty-nite.
You're not a dad. You're not a dad.
I can't believe you got us into trouble.
It's just that, I, I'm gonna miss Joseph. I liked him. His wife, she was hot.
Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
Thank you.
Can I please take these off? I swear I won't scratch.
Hey, Ross, want some cider?
How come you didn't come over earlier?
'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.
No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
Glass of fat?
Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.
Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.
What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?
What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?
Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.
Glass of fat?
No! Do you wanna hear it?
But then you left.
How is this your seat?
'Cause I was sitting there.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
That's right! I'm taking the essence.
You said I had to give you the chair, you didn't say anything about the cushions.
The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Did I get it?
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
Honey, you got a little thing on your...
Yeah.
Well, now we got a reason.
Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
Yeah.
What?
Heard about the leg burnin' huh?
Morning.
Actually he's the smallest person in the world.
It came up.
Yeah. You okay?
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
Sorry, Pheebs.
Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
Every night!!
Why, how much is that?
That's about 60 cents.
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
It does in mine!
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
It doesn't say that in the script.
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
Heh?
Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
There is not one hair on that head.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Yeah.
Right, and you go with Rachel, Bonnie's free tonight?
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Yeah.
Hi.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
What the hell happened on that beach?!
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
Our place, the hall! I...
I got something for her. It's a book!
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?
Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Hey!
Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?
Oh yeah? That's great!
'Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to-
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Why can't you tell her?
Joey! Joey!!
Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Oh.
Okay, what else?
Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
Ooh, we could end up with nothing.
Oh.
I'm talking about a bet, winner takes all.
Or you could end up with everything.
Come on man, you know I'd do it for you! Because, you're my best friend.
Oh, just do it!!
Op, op, I'm convinced!
All right, but you can't use that again for a whole year. I'm in.
Okay. Okay. Ace!
Yeah! Okay. Phoebe, you look, I can't.
What make you think I can?!
Why are you screaming and hugging?
That was one good minute!
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Totally worth it!
Good night.
We're gonna climb Mt. Everest!
Hey!
What-what's up?
Yeah baby!
What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Oh no-no-no, you-yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Okay, here! I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey.
Oh, what the hell is that?
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
I got it! Here we go.
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Really? To what?
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
To Put the Camera Away!!!
Man, you are Westminster Crabby.
Really? To what?
To Put the Camera Away!!!
Don't worry. You'll find some place to get married.
Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Hey!
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Well, I like it. Here you go.
Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Oh, I embarrass you?
Well, I like it. Here you go.
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you?
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
They're all tourists.
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Good choice.
Oh. Sorry!
Hey.
Hey.
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Me too.
Yeah?
Hey!
Sh-shh-shh!
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Hey!
Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Hey!
Sh-shh-shh!
Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?
Oh, Chandler.
Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?
Hi Chandler!
So, I hear you're single now...
That's Fergie baby!!
Joey says you don't really like his hat, but I think it's kinda dashing.
Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
How did you? How? How?
Hey!
Wait up!
Umm...
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Come on.
That was pretty intense huh?
I hope he did!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
So you're not homesick yet?
No, I don't think so.
Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
So you're not homesick yet?
All right, the seven of us miss you.
Who's seven?
No, I don't think so.
All right, the seven of us miss you.
Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...
Ahh, the babies miss me?
Who's seven?
Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...
Of course they do! Or I'm just really hungry.
What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Of course they do! Or I'm just really hungry.
Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Two pizzas?!
What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Wait, well, where did you get it from?!
Two pizzas?!
Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
What's in it?
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Your different here too. Your mean in England.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
What the hell!!!
I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
I was laughing.
Hello?
Could you not look?
I don't want to look.
Hey, were the hell have you been?!
Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
Hello?
Hey, were the hell have you been?!
I don't want to hear about her!!
Ahh Pheebs, you know you're still my number one girl.
Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
I don't want to hear about her!!
No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
But, he loves Emily?
Ohh great!!!
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
Hold on. Hold on. Rachel coming. Do...Something.
Okay.
All right, so, okay...
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
Right!
Hold on. Hold on. Rachel coming. Do...Something.
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
So tell me about this girl?
Say that to him and you're golden.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Hey!
All right. Good deal.
All right, fine.
Joey, I'm in!
Pheebs! Hey Pheebs!
He's talking to London!
Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Oh that's great!
Ugh, PBS!
Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
What difference does that make?!
Joey, do you have a minute?
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Really?
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
That's okay, Joe.
Maybe we should check the trash chute.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.
Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
So are you actually gonna see her again?
I am gonna see her again.
Damnit Phoebe!!
Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
I am gonna see her again.
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
Me and Chandler?!
Uh-hmm.
Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Ohh, tough call.
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Good-bye muscles!!
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat!
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Hey.
Sorry.
Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?
Hey Joey!
Hey.
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
Uh-oh.
Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
Waitressing?
Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
North route!
Bamn! There you go! Huh?
Hey!
You wanna eat? My treat!
Don't worry, it's out there! I think I just need lunch.
Yeah.
Isn't that Ross's money?
Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin' up, eh?
Well if people don't know they shouldn't just guess!
This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
Yeah! Yeah. I'll be all right.
Well, when it's not right, you know it.
You okay?
Y'know what would cheer you up?
All right Carl, we're next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?
Say it!
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
Another Minute Maid fiasco.
Damnit Carl!
That's right! And what are you not gonna do?
Well, I'm not gonna talk because...
Can I have the next one please? Joey and Tony Tribbiani.
That's right, $2,000.
That's us.
But uh, this is a study for identical twins.
But, you're not identical twins.
Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
Who wrote it?
Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.
Yeah.
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
Yeah.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Ah-ha!
Hey!
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey.
Not once!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
I have.
What's that smell?
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Yeah. What-what should I do?
Joey that is so sweet.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Joey that is so sweet.
Hey.
I couldn't do it.
You couldn't do it?!
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
I couldn't do it.
Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
Rach! Hey! It's fine! You're at Joey's!
No that's all right. Don't worry about it.
Oh but look! That's gonna leave a stain!
Really?
Yeah! Look!
Rach! Hey! It's fine! You're at Joey's!
Really?
I've never lived like this before.
I know.
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I get 'ya?
And-and-and-and-and-and, and we're gonna be friends again!
Yep, pretty much.
You-you're gonna get married?! I mean... We're gonna be brothers-in-law!
Heyyyy-What?
I won! That was my guess!
You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you?
And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman's day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000!
What?! What?! What?!
The Mr. Bowmont's here!!!
Eh...
Okay well that's good to know.
Hey Monica, there's a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
All right, I'm gonna go!
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
The vicar!
Hello, Zelda.
Who are you supposed to be?
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Because! You're mean on the boat!
Oh uh, I don't know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
Why not?
What? I was just trying to teach you.
Yeah! That guy's all right!
Hey!
So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
Boy I tell ya, that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower!
Rach, it's gonna be okay! You guys are the best!
Yeah?
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
I did, but that was really fun.
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
I'll take it back tomorrow.
All right!
All right? Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Hey Jessica.
Hey Jess.
Hi.
Uh listen, here's your Soapie. I accepted it for ya.
Hi.
'Sup?
Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this means?!
Y-y-yeah! Yeah you do.
Take it back?
Absolutely.
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
Oh! You got it?!
What was it for?
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
What was it for?
The next, next?
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
The next, next?
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
They loved me!
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
Oh my God!
Who is it?
N.Y.P.D!!
Uhh, just a minute officer!!
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
Oh my God!
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
What's the matter?
They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
What's the matter?
Wow!
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Wow!
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
That's what you say about porn.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
Hey, I'm back!
Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Wafer thin ice!
Hi-hi Joey.
Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again?
Hey, I'm back!
Hi-hi Joey.
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
Wow! Sure! That's great!
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Oh.
You?! And-and you?!
Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Yes. Yes.
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Joey!
Oh man!
Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
So when do we get to meet the guy?
This Alan again? How's it goin'?
'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
Let's see, today's Monday... Never.
It's never gonna happen.
I do.
Oh Ross, you're so great.
What?
Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green.
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Hey, Joey. What's going on?
Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
So she's a woman! So what?
Joey!!
Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Pardon?
Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
The country?
Hey!
....I have to go to China.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
No, I got him.
Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
OH.....MY.....GOD!!
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
I'm tellin' ya that girl totally winked at me.
Hey, you know what naked card game is never boring?
Oh, so, how are we doing?
Bored and bored!
Noo!!
All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them.
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
You.
You?
Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Ooh, something hurts!
Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
Hello.
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity...anymore.
It's not charity, Joe...
Okay uh, here's the electric bill.
There are?
Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
Yeah! Richard!
All right, I guess this will be fine.
Great. You got anything that's not Ralph Lauren?
Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?
This is crazy.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
I know! Robin is so gay!
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
You're so welcome.
Mar-klan.
Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Margha.
Mar-gha.
Don't come out here!
Yeah!
Hey!
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren't wearing underpants?
Monica! Would it?
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hard to tell, I was naked.
Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Hello.
Oh, seriously you want him?
Hello.
And who is this little cutie pie?
Done!
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?
Let me finish.
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
The ring is gone!
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
You slept with the stripper?
Who cares? You're Rachel! Who's Kip?
Hey, you're not Kip!
Do you even know who Kip is?
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
Ooh, Ross, look! Look!
What? Where?
What am I looking at?
I'm not answering that.
Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
No way.
Joey! No way. I'm not answering that.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Oh, well think of it like this, when you're 90...
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? I wrapped those bad boys.
Would you look at them?
Yeah, can't help but.
I miss Rose.
Ahh.
Look at this, how did I spend so much money?
Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Maybe, my ruler's wrong.
Wow, it's big!
Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller!
Maybe all the rulers are wrong.
All right, give it back to me. 5 of hearts.
Okay, pick a card, any card. All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
Um-mm.
Real magic does exist.
Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
Fan out! Fan out!
Okay, all right.
Okay.
Okay. Ooh, y'know we could just do this.
Wow! The new Playboy!
Oh, yumm!
Yeah, I've just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Yeah, it's just something I picked up.
I don't know why you say that so soon.
Because, I know what I like and what I don't like! It's not the same thing!
Well look, if you don't like this...
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Check it out, Giants-Cowboys.
What?
Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
You know, I think I might just.
So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Okay!
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
Look, I- I could go on pretending-
-but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Oh, little party favours, check it out!
Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don't-don't forget your shirt.
Hey-hey, what are those?
Wow! Yeah!
Look.
Phoebe?
Joey? What's going on?
Oh my God!
Get your non-believer ass outta my chair!
Someone like an...angel?
That's right Joey, the chair angel came in and heeled your chair.
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
What kinda change?
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.
Oh, classy.
I am hurt! A plague on both your houses!
By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.
Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
Ah. Hm. Wanna go to bed?
Yeah. No, this is great. Thank you, Chandler. .
Oh, yeah... yeah.
I'll be in in a minute.
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
Yeah, right!
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Hey! How you doin'?
Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
Hi Joey.
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Can I tell you something? Me too.
I know!
I can't believe it. Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
Okay. Have a benefit.
Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Hey!
Awww! Mel Torme died.
Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
Momma's Little Bakery, Chicago, Illinois.
Joey, that paper's like a year old!
Yeah? That's so nice!
Hard to tell, I was naked.
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
He forgot to leave his grip size!
What're you guys doing out here?
Well, not playing raquetball!
He didn't get the goggles!
All right, so we'll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we'll head back out.
Phoebe, wait a minute!
I'm an assistant buyer!!
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
Huh.
And the Knicks rule all.
Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
I'm in it.
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
That's not good.
So, what did you guys think?
Well, I couldn't have done it without you buddy. You're a genius.
Oh yeah? Well then how come I can't get my VCR to stop blinking 12:00?
Hello? Hold on please. Joey, it's your mom.
Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!
Well, now we've gotta find something fun for you!
Okay, good, so there you go. Go with Vince.
Yeah. Which one do you like more?
Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly.
Yeah, but Jason's really sensitive.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Oh my God!
Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember?
Hey! What's going on?
Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
You have been maid of honor before?!!
Y'miss it?
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later.
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Then you do. Heh, heh.
Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you're gonna ruin it!
Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now?
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
You're not on TV.
Hey, there he is! There he is!
Y'know, we don't have to imagine.
Okay.
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
I'm marrying her.
So, so, what'd ya think?
There he is!
There's our star!
Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
Yeah, all right.
I wanted to go to the strip club!
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
Hey!
Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer, right?
Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
Joey, I can't believe you would do that for me.
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
Ross? You okay?
Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Hold on.
They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Do you want me to learn?!
And you'll be topless?
And-Joey!
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
Yes! There's still pie.
Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
Hey, he's not crying.
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Art.
No.
Wow Joey, this is, uhh...
Art it is.
Who's your friend? He's hot!
All right! Hey-hey!
Hi!!
Thanks man.
Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, 'cause I'm heading up there.
Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out.
Yeah, that-that Chandler cracks me up.
Uh, yeah, I'll take a coffee. Thanks, man.
Movies?
Oh, you're Phoebe's fan!
Oh yeah! I've seen all her movies.
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
Really?!
Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Oh yeah, it's beautiful country up there.
No. Rosita does not move.
No. No. No.
No?
I'm sorry, Rosita? As in...
Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
What's going on?
Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Uh, Joey..
Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
What? A brain transplant?!
It's ridiculous!
Nooo, four.
Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right
So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Boyfriend?
Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
No.
What happened to the foosball?
A little foos?
Absolutely.
Ah that's a cantelope.
Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you later.
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I'd better go.
I think that would be best.
Okay. But not about this!
Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Okay.
All right, let's go say good-bye.
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.
Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.
Oh, ohhhhh.
Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
Our table will be ready in a couple minutes.
Yeah. So...
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
No, actually Laurie's a boy.
Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four...
Ha!
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Tequila!!
Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
Hey!
Oh! Here's Joseph Francis!
So what?! That doesn't give you the right to ditch me!
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Well, it does.
