There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Excellent!
Uh, may I help you?
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
As are you...
Let us begin. Dearly beloved...
He took off?
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Hey, Mr. Trib.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
What the?!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
In a minute!!
So this is it? Victor?
So long, Vic!
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Hi!
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Where there is no fear of commitment.
Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Amazingly, that makes sense.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!
Don't touch him!
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
So...
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
That's what you should say.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
So she's a woman! So what?
Joey!!
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Sorry.
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Uh, Phoebe...
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Hey!
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
I see where you're goin'!
What's up with the greed Joe?
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
No, I got him.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Ohh-oh, chilling!
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Wow.
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
I'm sorry man.
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Oh yeah!
Really?
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Great!
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
You gave her food poisoning!?
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
And a date with a man!
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Joey, this is awkward part.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, Grandma's chicken salad...
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Ah, finally an explanation.
Joey!
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
It's open! Come in!
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Yeah, all right, I'll play.
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Where's Mary-Angela?
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
... It's a fertility study.
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Hey.
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
And the bunny got away.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
What's up?
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
What equity investments?
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Why?
What's going on?
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
That's crazy.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
I did, but that was really fun.
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Hi!
So how was, how was your date?
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
So what, we just sit?
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
You were in a porno?
That is wild.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Ohh! A man with a plan!
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Hey, I've been married 3 times
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
Yeah.
Y'know which one was she again?
It's gotta be the first one.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
I am sorry, Chandler.
I am sorry, Ross.
This took you all day?!
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Ewwww!!
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
When did I try to give you money?
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
He's not here right now.
Y'know, there are two people who could put your picture up there.
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Joey, you had the night!
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today.
"Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
That is true.
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Hi!
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.
Well.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
You or me?
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Hey, guys!
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
Okay, fine.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
You gave her food poisoning!?
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Oh yeah, no problem.
Thanks.
Joey!
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
You do, huh?
What are you talking about?
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
What?! Why?!
What about the closeness?
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
The wedding starts at six.
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Ooh, I look good.
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
That's right.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
What are you talking about?!
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Okay.
Yeah!
Should we call the spitter?
I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
What?
Five oh dollars.
That's great.
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Come on man, you're not a potato.
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
Yeah!
Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.
Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Got it!
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Hey.
Hey, man. What's up?
Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
I don't have any issues with my Father.
Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
Hello.
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.
What happened?
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
All right, be my guest.
Good luck.
Oh, I got it.
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
What?!
No, you, you can't fit in that thing. That's not deep enough.
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Is there something wrong?
Joey...
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.
So what happens next?
God that is good TV.
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
What?!
What's wrong with you?
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
No.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
That's why you broke up with me?
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
Really?! I won!
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Didn't you sleep together?
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Rachel! You okay?
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
No, the quiet down thing!
You mean this.
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
Hey, what did your agent say?
What, forget it!
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Anything but stew.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
What if Joey were president?
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
It's not what you think, that was...
You told me I was the only one.
Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Great!
I can do that.
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
It's a curling iron.
It's clean.
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
No, I'm leaving to get my hair dyed.
That's the whole part?
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
I'm sorry, what?
What?
Oh, ok.
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
I'm sorry, what?
What?
Oh, ok.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
That's very nice.
That's sweet, Joey.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
What was it for?
The next, next?
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Okay man.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Okay man.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
You wanna share it?
Okay!!
It's not mayonnaise!!
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
What kinda things have you been saying?
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
No.
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
You'll vamp?!
How can you not remember us kissing?!
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
I just hope...
You can let some of them go by!
Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids...
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Ok.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Okay.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
There's a lost and found? My shoe!
You left a shoe here?!
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
The Bible?!
I don't know!
Diverse.
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
They actually said that?
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Yeah, I remember.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Yeah. You know why? 'Cause you came to me first.
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Chandler?
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
I do.
Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
How is that important?
Oh it's important!
Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Well there you have it!
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Probably because...
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Nice work my friend.
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
I'm movin' out like we talked about.
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Well, there you go.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Hey there you are!
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
That's not a question.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
Well ah, what can you swing?
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
Hey, Pheebs?
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Uh-huh!
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown &#150; I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
No I don't think so.
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
No! No-no-no...
But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
That's what you got me?
Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
Joey.
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
We could get that Everest video though.
Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
Oh, well...
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Yes that would have made more sense.
Phoebe? I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. You gotta come with me!
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
"...by doin' it."
Joe?
Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Wow!
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
You think I'm hot?
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Hey Pheebs!
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.
What's the matter? Are you upset?
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
Hey buddy! How's it going?
Hey!
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
No, 10 is the highest.
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
What?
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
What happened?
Why can't you tell her?
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Well, I guess that's something.
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
You're not his godfather.
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Oh don't worry, I'm not really a party girl.
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
I didn't know you had another level.
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Look Mon, if you could just call my mom...
Oh Joey!
No she hasn't.
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
Yeah! Oh my God! Is this what it's like to be you?
Wow, you're really crazy about her, huh?
Oh, it's so great to see you feeling like this!
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- That's fine, yeah...
..Naughty!
Right, I'll see you guys later...
Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Cache? Jaunty?
Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
All right baby, come on! Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
We owe you?!
We didn't give you any money!
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Oh.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon.
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Probably because...
Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Okay.
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Oh.
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Hey!
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Your make-up!
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Wow, he must like you the best.
You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car .
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
All right, see ya Pheebs.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Yeah! You don't like Kathy.
You got me.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Got it! So...
So uh, do you live around here?
I'll remember that.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Y'know, about what happened with us.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
What?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
So, we're having fun, right?
Yeah.
I'm kinda beat.
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Oh man!!
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
Bye Phoebe.
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Wow! That is a bad audition.
How-how did you lose your job here?
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now?
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Yeah. O-okay.
How about receiving?
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Really. What?
Why the Post?
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
Wow. He's strict.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
And tell him what?
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
All right.
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
I don't think that's what they were talking about Joe!!
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
What, now?
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Let me see that!
All right.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Crazy bitch.
Joey... we always know what you mean.
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Love what you've done with the place.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Oh yeah!
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Okay, we owe you a present.
Two! I've been engaged twice!
That is the Coast Guard.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Oh, thanks!
Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Oh, god help us.
Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
What?!
My-Oh my God!
Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard.
Is all this true?
Oh Hans.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Oh, well think of it like this, when you're 90...
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Psss, that is whack!
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
That's sweet, Joey.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
Are you aware that you're still talking?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
We've got a problem.
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
Look, what do you want me to say?
I want you to say that you like her!
Thanks for trying. Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
What? Rachel, listen, have you ever heard of Fortunata Fashions?
No.
Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
What?
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
That's great.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Needs some clothes altered?
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
I'll do it.
Okay, absolutely!
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Here you go.
Oh.
All the time?
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Well forget it, I'm not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
The only problem!
Hey, uh can I get a little piece of that cake?
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
Yeah.
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
Honey, you got a little thing on your...
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
Monica, leave him alone!
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Yeah.
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Hi!
Hi!
Great!
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Hi. She said yes.
Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.
I hate this thing!
Oh, hi Danny.
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
Nothing?
I have to get back to...
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
I made them!
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
No, I just thought it was cute.
Ohh. Like what?
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
And now for the great news.
What, that wasn't the great news?
Christmas cookie?
She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Uh, we might be leaving now.
Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Ok, you can not do this to me.
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
What equity investments?
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
Yeah right!
No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
Thanks.
You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...
Please stay on the line. You're call is very important to us.
The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming of off Stevie.
As in Rosita does not move.
Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
Stevie the TV?
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
That sounds fair.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Oh.
Yeah, no, I understand.
Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Oh, that's true.
Yeah, yeah I think I'm gonna find my own place.
Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
Hey! So I'm back.
Who are you?
Show me in the table.
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
I had a wedding.
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Isn't Ben in this?
How do I look?
Hi. She said yes.
Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh?
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Look, what do you want me to say?
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
I want you to say that you like her!
Hey you guys, this is my agent, Estelle.
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
How do you do. Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! Did they have representation?
Then you go to Tokyo.
You play hard to get.
She already lives in London.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Yeah, but sandwich time is right now.
Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
All right, then you owe me $350.
"...by doin' it."
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
There you go!
Joe?
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
And the bunny got away.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
I know!
Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Yes that would have made more sense.
Phoebe? I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. You gotta come with me!
I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people.
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
Pop it in.
Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
That's a good point.
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Maybe he's. . . gay.
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.
Congratulations!
Uh-huh.
Get out your checkbook, mister.
I bet 'ya ya I could fit in there.
I've got five bucks says you can't.
Oh, I think I have the cash.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Yeah! Punch him!!
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Now, wh-what, what is that like?
It didn't.
Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
I so am.
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Oh. Right.
Hell no, we'll pay!
Hey, listen, lady.... ...whoa.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy, do they suck.
Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.
Oh my God!!
Ahhh.
Okay, here is the phone bill.
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Huh.
Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?
Oh, ooh.
What?
Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.
You wanna smell him?
I assume we're talking about the baby now.
I think my uterus just skipped a beat.
I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
We came over as soon as we saw.
How could you not tell us?
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Oh, you bet I am!
Gotcha.
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Okay, here's your penis!
Pheebs! There you are!
Go Joe!!!
Helloo! Oh!
No it's not, sorry.
Nicole Eggert. You'll like her.
Lifeguards.
Well, it sounds kinda stupid... Who's she?
Wow! Look at them run.
Uhh, 11!
Fancy guest.
Two seconds...
11, unbelievable 11 is correct. All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Yes that was mine.
Yes that would have made more sense.
I can't take any...
No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
Her dancer friends?
Dude, we were good!
All right, all right.
What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Joey, get out of the fridge.
What is that?
Mary-Angela.
I just got off the phone with my sister.
Ah, which, which one?
Mary-Angela.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Hmmm, that's very cool.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
Okay, good luck!
Hey!
I know! It's stuck!!!
Look.
Oh my God!
Easy. Step. How did it get on?
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Nothing!
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Great. You got anything that's not Ralph Lauren?
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
See, this is a great apartment.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
Okay.
Shut up! This place is a hole!
Yeah, I didn't know you guys were going to be here.
Hey! Oh.
Hi, Joe.
Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Oh.
Yeah!
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
Two girls and a boy?
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
You spit on me man!
Look, I'm sorry.
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
I can still hear you!
I can hear that!
Rachel's at work.
Hey!
Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
You're not going to believe this!
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Again?
Waiting for candy.
What's up buddy?
What are you doing?
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
Really? I can do it?
What?
When you're marrying us; that's what you should say.
I'd love it if you would do it.
Hey.
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Hey.
You guys okay?
Twice?
Oh, that sucks!
I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
That was good beer.
Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Yeah!
Ohh...
Well to tell you the truth, they uh, they had a problem with the bag!
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
What kind of problem?
Oh my God!
Yes!
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Right.
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
What?
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Anything but stew.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
What if Joey were president?
I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
I am.
No wonder Rachel had to read this so many times.
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
No, actually Laurie's a boy.
Hey!
What? No-no it's her birthday!
"Happy birthday to you!"
You're paying for that.
You've sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!
Well, since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
Well, these really are the days of our lives.
What?!
Oh God!
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
I'm sorry man.
Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.
Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.
How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants.
I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!
Uh-oh.
What?
Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
You really think so?
No.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Yeah. I really do.
Fuggetaboutit. How you doin?
Yeah.
Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.
Mmm.
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Where's Mary-Angela?
Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Uh-oh.
Is there a problem?
Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."
No, but it's okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Ohh great!! Hello.
Joey, it's Phoebe. Did you stop Rachel?
So nothing got ruined?
Uh, okay, Pheebs?
All right. Good deal.
Pheebs! Hey Pheebs!
Yeah?
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Okay.
All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this?
Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
That was unbelievable!
Okay, see? I told you!
I don't believe they're brother and sister.
Oh! That's nice.
Go!
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Joey, this is awkward part.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Really? That's great!
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
We'll see.
I just wanted to come by and y'know, wish you good luck on your date.
Hey!
Hey! What's up?
Oh thanks!
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ahh.
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Great, you can cover Chandler.
Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play.
Okay.
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.
Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.
Whoah!
Relax your hand!
Not so much!
Hey!
So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?
That's patio furniture!
What about the birds?
Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Lets not do that any more.
Hey guys! Hey!
Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
You meant sex, right?
Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Well, not that its any of your business, but, no, we havent, okay?
Do you have a sec?
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
Five letters.
Rdtor.
So she's a woman! So what?
He doesn't do much, does he?
Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. Look, he's opening his eyes.
No, this is pretty much it.
Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?
Games and stuff.
There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
There's an ad for a naked chef?
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
Can't we just use a pen?
No, Amish boy.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
You could say that.
Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
You gave him cookies?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
And twenty-five it is.
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Alright, we're gettin' closer.
Uh-huh.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Rach, these are for you.
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.
You're blowin' me off for a monkey?
Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.
Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Chandler's wearing panties.
Alright, alright. Woah, someone's flossing.
Joey, some people don't like that.
What? Let me see.
Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?
Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Hey, you got me, put it in.
Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
It's the off light. Right Ross?
You look pretty tonight.
Hey, yo.
Bye.
Tonight?
What's tonight?
Yeah, so.
What?
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
I did pay for half of it.
Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
So, I guess this is it.
Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so.
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Eddie.
Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.
Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?
Morning.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
So how you two gettin' along?
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
There's another carton right over there.
Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Oh my God, what's goin' on?
By someone besides Monica?
Yeah really, Ross, have you ever been beaten up before?
Yeah, sure.
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Good morning.
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.
But then you left.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Get away from that! No! She's just getting dressed.
Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that?
Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Joey, this is you!
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Amazingly, that makes sense.
You think?
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?
I highly doubt that.
Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.
Nothing. It's just old and dingy, that's all.
I highly doubt that.
I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
No! No! No! No, I'm not going to punch Chandler.
I'll do it.
Okay, absolutely!
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Oh, I was reading it last night, and I got scared, so.
But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
How often do you read it?
Maybe she killed him?
Then how come it is?
They've been quiet for a long time.
Let's go.
Come on! Who has the biggest boobs?
What?!
What?!
Please!!
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Better?
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Well, that was ah...
Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.
Ah, Kate?
Better?
Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.
Very nice. Very nice.
So umm, I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
Hey! Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...
Well Ahh, yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
They gave me the shaft all right.
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Cool! I-I'll see you then.
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
How do you mean?
Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
No-no, things ah, finally happened with Kate.
Hey.
It's a little early to be drinkin'.
Ohhhhh!
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Okay. Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
But you said one.
I meant, me plus one!
All right, I'll see you tonight.
Yeah.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Hey! Are you okay?
Nah. I kept myself busy.
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
Fabulous.
Well, so, stay for the museums!
But, but wh-what about us?
Last night was wonderful. But I-I can't stay here just for you.
I'm sorry.
In a minute!!
Flight's in an hour. I-I gotta go.
Vic! Vic! Vic!!!
So this is it? Victor?
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it.
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Oh no, you'll have to come.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
And tell him what?
I have actually not heard of that.
Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
That's not, prison lingo, is it?
His dancing partner?!
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
No, I'm good.
Really?
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Hey, that coupon expires, you know.
Well....
Goodnight.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Well, y'know I'm 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Oh, I don't know.
You do?
What's up?
It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Yeah.
We've got a box.
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
I'll get it.
Oh man!!
I know!
Oh.
That's okay. Chandler's the one I'm mad at.
Hey.
Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am...
Well, I'm still sorry. Is he here?
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Go on.
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
You mean Dr. Geller?
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Thanks!
No.
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it's a pickle?!
Oh! Wait-wait! Is it my bologna sandwich?
Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
What are you writing?
A little salami.
Monica said that did she?
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Yeah-yeah, yeah, with that-that uh, plumber girl...
She was a welder.
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Oh no-no-no!
Imagine a protective porn bubble if you will, okay?
Well at least, I'm going to mute it.
We still have porn.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Or I'll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
No thank you.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
What's the game?! What's the game?!
Okay!
This is great!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
It was.
Those were like the best seats ever.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Monica and Rachel made out.
I can't believe you're getting married!
Yeah.
Morning's here! The morning's here!
Yeah we are!
Yeah. Yeah.
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
You got it.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Okay, see ya later.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Great!
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Oh, thanks!
I gotta go check something over here.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
Thanks man.
What a baby.
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Thanks man.
Okay man.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Which, is the new plan!
Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
It could happen.
This will be your phone.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Hey!
Yes that was mine.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
I think I'm gonna take-off.
Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! Ohhh!
What?!
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Why?
What's going on?
Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't...
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
All this lying has been hard on us too.
Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. Shhh.
Hello, Chandler Bing.
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
I'm not listening to you!
And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone...
Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
U-N-I-sexy?
What's the part, Anti-man?
Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves.
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
Umm, do you sell these bags?
Okay! Thank you! That was great!
All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
God!
Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
No!
Not likely. 'Cause you see that body bag right there
Are you sure?
Maybe your scene's coming up?
Yeah.
How good is that?
Thanks.
No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!
Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'.
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Okay!
I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here!
Don't come out here!
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week!
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Hiya!
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Hey! How you doin'?
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Oh man!!
What?
"Smoke away."
I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
Relax your hand!
Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Ross, if you don't tell them, then I will!
Okay, fine!
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
Joey, why is your cable out?
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
You guys need anything, 'cause I'm heading up there.
No.
No, thank you.
I'd love an ice water.
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Wow! Uh okay, well uh...
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
The ring from the cave, yeah.
Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut...
Aw, I love that.
You guys!
Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
All right, don't waste it, I mean its still food.
I've never lived like this before.
I know.
What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
You pushed him!
Joey, I did not break this! Okay? That has been broken for a while.
Uh-huh.
And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
What?
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
No! No! No! I just kissed her.
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
So-You got in voluntarily?!
BEND OVER?!!!
Wow! Well then I'll just have to carry you.
Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
That'll be a neat trick, when you're, when you're dead!
Hey! So I'm back.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Who are you?
All the time!
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
All the time?
Oh my God! Oh my God!!
You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Ahh, yes.
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Okay. Okay.
Dude!
I love you too Chandler.
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
She's gone. She had a bag and she left.
What are you talking about?
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
You got porn!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Hello.
What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there.
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
That is the Coast Guard.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Or not.
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah okay. Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Your tax dollars?
Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm right here!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
I'm still right here!
Why is 10 the highest?
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
No, 10 is the highest.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I'm late for work.
Pretty good.
Oh good. Ahhh! My God, sorry!
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Man, do you know what guys want!
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Yeah, but you always say that.
What party?
Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
Oh no.
A birthday party.
Yeah, look how that worked out.
32.
Wait a minute! Why don't you guys do something?!
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Please, can't you help me out?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Oh! Sorry. Uh, I've got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Huh? Uh...
Dude! Dude!
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00.
Come here, check this out!
Ross!
What?
What? Is it the comet?
That's true.
She's not even cold yet!
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
Okay? You ready?
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
All right everyone, lift! And slide!!
Hey Joey, can I...
Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
Yes, it's a highly controversial procedure.
It's ridiculous!
It's winter, they are fewer people on the street.
That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Oh, my baby!
Cut!
Oh, just years of experience.
Say what?
Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
You're not the fan who's dying are you?
I'm supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that's not supposed to be until later!
I don't think so.
Movies?
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
All right, here you go buddy. Go nuts.
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
No I-I-I'm fine.
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
You'll have a last kiss.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
There's this kid in my class who said he's in love with me.
If I can't have it you can't have it!
I'll take it back tomorrow.
Thank you.
Professor Geller?
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
Wow! Sure! That's great!
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
That's right.
Yep.
But you told them you weren't?
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
I just have to call my agent and tell her I can't do the part.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Unless!
Hit me! Ohh man! Wait!
Let's ride.
13.
Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show?
Phoebe, that stuff is...
Don't even get me started on yours!
I did.
Really? Who-who have you taught?
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Hey you guys! What's happening?
No, seriously.
Well she's, she's the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious.
Oh my God!
Ross, you don't have to yell.
Wow! Well then I'll just have to carry you.
That'll be a neat trick, when you're, when you're dead!
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Yeah me too.
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
Wow. Good speech.
Oh! That's nice.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Yeah, it really was!
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
Sorry, sorry.
That's fine, I'll just wait!
Oh, sorry.
Monica!
Hey, Kate!
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
The little ones do.
Morning.
When is she leaving?
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?
Tonight. What are you doing?
No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
Hey!
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Well, what are you going to wear?
Well, that's really a different question.
I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it...
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?
Is there something wrong?
Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Huh, I never really noticed.
Monica, Monica is great.
Hi!
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
What four of us?
Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Well, you just...
What's the rush? What?
Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
God Joey, this is taking forever!
W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
Hey!
Whoah!
Hey!
Alright, now try taking a puff.
