Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.
So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
You're our age!
So ah, we on for tomorrow?
Yeah, kinda.
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
Ugh!
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Well, what am I going to say?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
Oh my God.
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
I don't know. A month?
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
Wooo!! Hoo!!
Okay quick, help me get this off!
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
Yeah!
Okay.
Aww!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Sure!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Hey!
Hey! What's up?
I bet I stopped listening before you did.
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
I miss you already!!
I miss you too!!!!
Oh totally! Pull my finger.
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
He took off?
Go on! Go on.
Chandler?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
I'll see you after work sweetie.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Bye! See you later!
Fun Bobby is so great.
Half full of looooovvvvve.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
I love you too.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Not any more!
Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
Help!
Where have you been?
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
You want his yearbook?
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
It's really not that big!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
So this is Brooklyn.
Okay.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
All right, you!
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh my god.
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Why?
Because!
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Hey!
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
I think that's fair.
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Yeah, me too!
Oh, look at that.
What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
It's Hexadrin.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Oh.
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh, good. Thanks.
Now what is Fabutec?
Waxine!!
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
You had no relationship!!
No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
What?
Oh honey, but it is just about...
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Woo-yay!!
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
What was that?
Monica knows.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
Ok honey, you really need a job.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
You love her!
What-what is love really?
I am a good kisser.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
What are you going to make?
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
I was frustrated with you!
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever.
She is a kook.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
Gotcha.
Oh, you bet I am!
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad.
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, we certainly are alone.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Right.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, we certainly are alone.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Right.
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
And you're still not attracted to him at all?
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Okay!
I have.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
Oh, you go out with him.
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Really?
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Hey, how'd the interview go?
So don't do it.
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Oh!
No.
Oh.
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Chicken Kiev?
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
You know!
Okay. Good one.
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Floopy?
Yeah.
Oh, like that's a word.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
What Richard thing?
Simmons! Go with Simmons!
I'm not mad.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
You sound like a guy.
You'll have a last kiss.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
That was pretty 007.
Hey.
Yeah, they're not coming.
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Aww, I love you so...
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
No.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
Hi, remember us?
Mmm hmmm.
You're that stupid.
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
BEND OVER?!!!
...and then Zana, just let one rip!!
You know where I work!
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Ohhh!
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Blow drying what, you have no hair.
What's goin' on?
Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
This is the most special day of our lives.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
I'm not arguing with that.
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
It's your joke.
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
It's okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica.
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
How's it going?
Ooh!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Monica! Hi honey.
All right, on the table.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Yeah, I heard it.
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Ok, so let's talk money.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
Have you ever seen so much crap?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
You mean like exclusive friends?
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Hey!
Hey, how'd it go?
Mon! I'm so happy for you!
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
I'm just easing you in.
Oh, alright.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Have you found your dress yet?
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
Oh, thanks for the tip.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
Hi!
Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
Hey, I went up.
What?
Do what?
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
Yeah.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
What?!
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Yeah baby! No baby!
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Sure.
Yeah, I do think it's better this way. Yeah, we're being smart. Yes, I'm sure.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Yeah, someplace nice. How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Okay.
Are you all right?
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
I know I couldn't. So....
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
No, my first fan mail.
Alright!
Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Hm-mmm.
Oh, yeah, good idea.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
What does it look like? I'm going home.
Come on! I was there! I know he's the love of your life.
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
I said name one!
I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Great!
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Mon?
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Nobody wants to do it? All right, I'll do it myself.
Monica! I'm not gonna screw it up!
Well of course that is what I'm here for!
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Looking up?
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
This woman's living my life.
What?
You're not an artist.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Are you crazy?!
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
No.
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Jody!
You were with Julie?
Oh. Oh my God.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Well, you seem fine.
You mean like exclusive friends?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Yay!
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Electrical plans for the building.
Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?
Wow! If only more people knew.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
What a baby.
Total wuss!
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
He's fine!
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Oh, yeah. Wasn't that like a year ago?
Oh, yeah. I know that.
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Yes!!! Oh!!
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
What?
Are you serious?
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence...
No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
I'm gonna do it.
But I...
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Can't hear you!
No ma'am.
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
What?!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
Are you okay?
Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
I bet he can.
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
What?! We can't do that!
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Okay.
Okay! So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
And also, my birthday.
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
What are you talking about? What wedding?
Come on, like you never talk that.
Afraid to ask him?
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Umm, can we see you ride it?
Okay. See?
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Because the kids need new shoes.
This will just be my batch.
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Big time!
Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Oh, look, wish me luck!
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Ok, then just go.
Ok.
Sure.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Because we can remember them.
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
Yeah?
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Sure.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
What check thing?
Pete Becker. Pete... Is this him?
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
...And then he burst into flames.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
Well, then can we meet him?
Nope. Schhorry.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Really?
Sorry.
Who?
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Yeah!
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Like an eclipse.
So when people complement me on my cooking should I, what do I say?
Ew, this feels very weird.
I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
2 hours, 27 minutes.
Really?!
Hey Rach!
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
How do you mean?
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
God! What are you, in second grade?
Hey, now you're the one who wet his pants.
Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
What?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Well it didn't!
What?!
Okay, that we may be able to do.
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... twenty dollars an hour.
Twelve dollars an hour.
Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Done.
Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Oh, don't you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
Monica, what are you doing?
I guess it was kinda funny.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
In the game room!
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Hey.
Hey.
Ehh.
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Yeah, get out!
One more game?
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Okay, come here!
Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled...
Bye.
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Who's Mr. Girabaldi?
Does it matter?!
Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Yes!
What thing?
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Ohhh!
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
How-how did that happen?
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
Come on.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
No way. No way did you do this.
Monana was very brave.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
"You have two new messages."
Wow, what a cool job. 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy.
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
I'm marrying her.
We'll just see.
Oh my God! This is it! I really hope it's you!
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Doesn't matter.
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Look, you and I went to different high schools...
Okay, that doesn't help me, because we went to the same high school.
They had to have that specially made?!
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Isn't he good?
Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
That, that's what's stupid.
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Well, yeah actually.
I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Yeah.
All right. I think it was a mouse.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
OK, tip the man.
Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
In a bad way?
Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
What?
You've got panties stuck to your leg.
It's good to see you.
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
But we're not ready to tell yet!
Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
Okay, I'm hearing.
What?!
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
OK, OK, don't get all squinky.
Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Hey!
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you're really sarcastic, or that, y'know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
What? What? Why?!
Is this why they don't like me or why you don't like me?
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
Okay.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Well if you want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
What are you gonna do? You're gonna fire me?
No.
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Whoa-ho-ho! Yeah, okay.
Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
Is it dry in here?
Let me, let me get you some wine!
Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
Yes!
Would it matter?
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
For camp!
Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
We're switching rooms.
Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Hey-hey are you drunk?
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
...I can imagine.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Tell her what?
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
What a wank!
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
All right. Bye.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
I miss you already!!
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Oh, it's not the ideal way...
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
There's gravy?
What are you doing?
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! I know! How bad is this?!
Have you seen Chandler?!
No! Why?
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Ooh! Brian's Song!
The meeting with the guy went great?
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Yeah well unless we tell him.
Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Oh. Thanks.
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
You're Lewis Posin.
Who?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
Really?
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Water! Water! Water!
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
What are you doing?
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Hello? What?! You what?! Hey you listen here missy! Wh-
What?!
Does that mean Carcass is available?
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Well, he's very charming.
Well, you're just gonna have to try.
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
But I...
It is? Really?
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
Oh, fine! Take his side!
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Ten dollars an hour for what?
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Well, I did not know that.
It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Mmmm! It's good!
Really? How good?
Mmm.
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
It's that terrible?
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
I love you too.
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Wow!
Do we have to?
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
You get your messages!
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
That's not funny.
Well that's not true.
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
She lets you borrow them.
Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
What else?
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
Well, what's the job?
Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
Is Tony Randall dead?
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Well, those were seals, man.
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Why?
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Where? Ooh, come to Momma.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
No.
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
I don't like your massages.
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
It's for their own good.
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
If it's not a right angle, it is a wrong angle.
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
Yeah!
With what?
Oo! You should have one of us do it!
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Oh.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Well, get it off now!
I can't! It-it's stuck!
All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Who was it?
I don't know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez!
Sure!
Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
But, you, you don't want to seem too pushy.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Uh-huh.
Look I want you, now.
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
I am a good kisser.
Is that the heartbeat?
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
Why?
But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?
I, I don't have it.
Nobody does honey.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
And where is your hat?
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
I made fun of his accent.
No.
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Nooo!
No-no-no-no, we're done.
Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
Hi.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
What are you smiling at?
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
What?
Why?
Hey!
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
I bet it was about her a little.
Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Oh my God.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Oh my God.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
What's the other one?
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
I can't believe she's married.
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
What?!
I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Well if you go to Disneyland, you don't spend the whole day on the Materhorn.
Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Oo, toes!! Well, for some people.
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Two girls and a boy?
Yeah!
Sure! But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
She's right y'know.
Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
I didn't think I was!
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Really?
I think I do! Thank you, Monica.
Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
Really?! Really?!
My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Look at us, we're a couple of couples!
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. What?
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
What?! They wanted a scary story!
You tell her Jack, I can't do it.
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
What do you, what do you mean?
Surprise...
This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?
No, don't say it.
Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? Yes, hold on. Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
Oh, God, ask them what they want.
But I haven't used my card in weeks!
Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
To get you to make out with him!!!
Ohhh.
I don't know what I'm going to do. That date starts in like an hour.
Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
I'm so glad you liked them!
Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!
Tartlets. Tartlets. Tartlets. The word has lost all meaning.
Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Oh, ok bye-bye.
Grazie.
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Well, it just seems like a really small number.
Right, and...
Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Wow, you guys, this is big.
Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number?
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Well thanks!
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh!
It's some of Richard's hair! What do I do with this?
Getting it away from me would be job one.
Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Ohh, I love birds.
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
Well this is just sad!
That is not a problem.
You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
No, it's not bad. It's not bad at all. It's-it's really nice.
Look, the only who stands to get hurt is me. And I'm okay with that.
What?
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
They kept your room for a while.
Come on, you know they love you.
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
But we've only had one job.
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Hey.
Hey! How long until Pete's fight?
Hot dog?
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Oh Willie's still alive!
What are you guys doing?
Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
It's not?
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Tho?
Ohhh.
Ok.
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
All right. I think it was a mouse.
How are you honey?
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Sure.
No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?
What? The father can't drop by to see the daughter on her birthday?
Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
Naked friends.
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
I sure did!
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Hey!
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
Alright, shall we?
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more...
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
He's so cute.
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
I'm crying here!!
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
Really?
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
But you're not.
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
You're plans were with us.
That's right.
Okay.
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
Hi!
Hey Mon, how's it going?
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
I know, I can do this.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
No! Never! Never! Bye.
No touch! No touch!
That's sweet.
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
Thank God.
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
Ewwww!!
Ewwww!!
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
What are you gonna do?
Rachel said that!
Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
They don't have those.
Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
Ohhh, yeah!
What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Is-is-is that message old or new? Old or new?! Old or new?!
It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
Pizza?!
Monica!
No.
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
I don't want things to change! Do you?
No!
Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!!
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Woo-woo!
I can't believe you did that!
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
You were invited?!
No.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four.
I miss Rachel. No, my parents.
Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
Why can't I tell them that we live together?
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
For what?
Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Thank you!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Well, sure, that too.
Can't hear you!
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Hey, look who's up.
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Look Rachel, I know what you're going through. I'm totally freaked about turning 25.
Get out, get out of my apartment.
Least of all you.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Haven't you and I covered that topic?
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, rweee!!
I got it!
Okay.
Or. We could put a hat on his head.
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
What's with all the bottles of liquor?
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Oh God, even his knock is boring.
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
I know I love you!
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Hello!
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
...Dammit, hire the girl! Okay, everybody ready?
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Noooo.
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
Guys guys, check this out.
Excellent.
Ohhh.
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Rach, does this have nonfat milk?
Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly.
Huh?
Check out the rack on this chick!
No, I'm not!
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
And-Joey!
Do you want me to learn?!
Let's give it a shot.
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
Oww!
Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
How is that ever going to happen?!
Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
We know!
Okay.
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Monica, leave him alone!
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Those two only had each other!
Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
$4.50 please.
Oh, let me get this. These are for you.
Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! Oh!
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
Wow! I can't believe you lied to me.
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding.
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
It's the basketball playoffs.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Have you seen Chandler?
No. Why?
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Hey! I made that for her!
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
Phoebe, is this the recipe?
Yes!! Ohh.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Right. No biggie. Stay loose.
Why do they keep doing that?
Right.
Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.
No?
Okay ah, please don't freak out. Umm, but ah, there's a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there's no way to know which one.
Okay, don't panic. I'm gonna go to the store, I'm gonna get you another set of nails, no one's gonna know, and you're gonna look great. Oh! Oh, it's 'cause they're gonna eat-that's the problem.
Honey, don't bite your nails.
And! Whoever finds it wins the prize!
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Hi, oh hi.
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Phoebe.
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
You want me to see a therapist?
Oh yeah, she didn't hire me out of pity, it wasn't so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I'm good.
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
Okay, I didn't hear that.
Wow! And hey, it's cool if you're a lesbian!
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Why to save your dignity my man.
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
I didn't know you could get married here.
May I help you?
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Whatcha doin'?
Ooh.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
I wanted it so bad! Wanna go pack?
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
What-what-what are you gonna do?
I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
It could happen.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
And, we're done with the yogurt.
Sorry.
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
That, that's what's stupid.
Down at the docks again?
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
I want the little round waffles.
Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Oh hey, here Pheebs.
Nah, I don't feel like playing.
All right. Okay. I'm starving!
Oh, what'd ya bring me?! Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
Well...
Yeah, sure, that'd be great.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Richard!
Actually, I'm not here to complement the chef.
Well, it was great seeing you the other night.
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... Okay...
Y'know what? I-I kinda have.
Already? That's pretty bad what you did.
You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
What are you doing with the lamp?
I'm just taking it to be re-wired.
No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
Alright, we have to talk.
There it is!
Is there somebody else?
Oh! Let's see, well...if this is the wedding hall then umm you're parents will be at home in Queens.
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
What they're not invited?! Oh no, that's terrible! They're gonna be crushed!
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Y'know we already went over this and I won!
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
Right here!
"Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!
Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
How did you do that?
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Hi.
What?
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.
Umm, I'm still here.
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Okay. I'll be right there.
Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
Yeah, I-I don't care.
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Hey Rach, what about this? Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Okay.
What the hell is that?
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
Who are you saying "check" too?
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
You could kick anyone's ass you want too.
Thanks you guys.
Yeah! But I don't know what he looks like!
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Oh yeah, that's right, the keyboards, huh?
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
Yeah.
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
And that's Pete's Mom.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Yes, but there isn't always time!
Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Still?!
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
We ruined everything.
Ugh...
What do you, what do you mean?
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
Well, what did you do?
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Oh I got it!! Oh! Ew! Broken boob! Ow!
I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
Hey! It's me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.
It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant "You suck!"
What, look back?
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Alright, I'll call you.
I don't think you mean that.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Like a pirate?!
If that helps you.
I moved back here a couple of months ago.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Oh, you get used to it.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.
Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
Well, it's just that maternity clothes are so expensive.
Bloomingdale's eliminated my department.
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Well...
Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Okay. You won't believe what Monica's older brother just said to me!
What 'cha doing Mon?
What are they?
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
What?!
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
Why is your family Ross?!
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Ooh, that is silly. I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Hey!
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
What is the matter with you?!
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
What?
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
Will you stop!
Okay. All right.
Gin.
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
Will you stop!
Okay. All right.
Gin.
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
What? That's impossible.
46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
What?!
Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved.
Well you don't.
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
Why, exactly?
Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
So, this isn't over?
Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.
Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!
Okay!
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
Ah.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
Well, so far I have uh, my bride's maids dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
What are they?
Hey! Those are all the things I'm responsible for!
Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
Yeah, right. Sure!
Oh, please, you wanted to get caught.
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
Hi Frannie, congratulations.
I believe you know my husband.
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Oh crap!
I feel like my face is swelling. Is my face swelling?
Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one!
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
You keep saying that.
You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
Glass, sand, whatever.
Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Oh, I can still do that.
But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.
No.
Ahh.
Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups!
No! Y'know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
You had fantasies about Emily?
Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Sixty guests.
So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Chandler!
Yeah.
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview.
Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.
Hey.
You're naked in this picture!
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Didn't it like totally speak to you?
Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.
Six? I just had it for one night. It's three.
Eight o'clock is the cut-off and, aww, it's 8:02.
I can help with that.
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Ohh!!
There it is.
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
I don't know.
Okay. If you're alive you answer your phone!
Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... What?!
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Weeeell, it's rum, and-
Okay.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Joey, put that down! Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone!
No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
Look at this! A millionaire's checkbook.
Monica?
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
We both do that!
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
Would you excuse me for a second?
Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
I have no idea. I mean... But-but I assure you I will figure it out.
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.
How we doing, you guys ready?
Some days it's all I can think about.
Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Hey.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
So that's two of my wives.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
I am really an idiot. you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
Hi, um, I'm gonna need a new set of these forms .
Why?
You are an idiot. .
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
How?
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Y'know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Monica, you don't even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
To the Bings!
I'll do it.
Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
So are you ok?
Yeah, just, I feel like I'm about a hundred. I thought I was just one of the guys.
What're you talkin' about, I was killin' 'em.
Oops! Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
Wow! You are way to young to have seen that!
You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
I just told my Mom I'd cater a party for her.
How come?
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Wait, does he eat chalk?
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Sounds like a date to me.
I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
Thanks, I'm glad you see it that way.
Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
So you like it?
Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
You owe me 20 bucks.
Thank you. Thank you so much!
Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Like what?
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
Well, you know Chandler.
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
That's so funny, because I think I just did!
Fine with me!
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Why?
I have my reasons.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Oh my god, I got my very own stalker.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Whoa! Don't know about that.
What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Thank you.
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Yeah, Big Brother.
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Can I get you some coffee?
Hi, sure!
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
That's a good idea. I wonder where I could get a basket of porn...
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
Okay.
Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw...
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Yeah.
Hello!
Yes, and grumpy.
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
What?
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
I have plans.
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
Not that big a deal? There...there was touching of things.
Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
I don't want him to tell this story for years.
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Not a basset, a bassinet.
You really need the bassinet?
Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Oh, look at the little cat!
What? Ow!
This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
I hate men! I hate men!
Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
All right, c'mere, gimme your feet.
Oh wow! Okay. Don't scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!"
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
Oh!
I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Absolutely.
Y-y-yeah! Yeah you do.
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Just mine?
I'm afraid so.
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Come on, we can't let them win!
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
So?
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
This totally makes sense!
It does not!
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
What gave me away?
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
Depends on what you mean by we.
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
You have got to go home!
But I like it here!
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
I guess you can.
All right.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
It's Richard Burke.
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Doctor Burke is sexy?
No, those first two windows, that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
What are you talking about? She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
I did not know that! Thank you Monica. I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Do not speak ill of the dead.
Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Will you get us better gifts?
Fine!
That's what you got me?
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Some moms do that.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Yeah, okay.
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Maybe nobody's tried this.
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
Yeah, I... I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
They kept your room for a while.
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Then, you will definitely get him back!
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Hey Pete.
Hi, how ya doing?
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
What'd you do, dip it in sugar?
Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
What?
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
What?! Really?!
I can't believe this!
Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Ross, that is gorgeous!
Yeah?
Hey.
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
No it's not! You want it, you're gonna have to win it!
All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
It's hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
Joey, you had the night!
What?
You-you think?
Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Oh my God! What happened?
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles on your butt.
You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.
I, I, I'm hideous.
Come in.
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
Huh!
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Oh no-no-no, it's only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence... dozens of people.
How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Yay!!
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
No! Drums!
Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please?
Oh-kay, we'll have a table for you in about 45 minutes.
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
Monica, what are you doing?
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Well, you might wanna make a little extra, y'know you'll probably be hungry after the sex.
You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren't there. Just say you'll think about it, okay?
Oh, honey, I don't know. I...
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
No, I'll think about it. Yeah.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Phoebe, he's gotta be in the room for that to work.
What are you guys talking about?
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
About four hours.
Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that's better than Relaxi Cab.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Okay great!
Yeah!
Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Um-hmm.
What am I making him by the way?
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Where can I wash up?
Thank you.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Why not?
'Cause it's gross.
Really?!
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
You are?
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Ooh, it's not a toy.
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
PBS Telethon.
So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.
Yeah, I know, I sleep in the next room.
Monica, do you want us to take you home?
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
No more jam?!
Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
And so, we're hiding in the bathroom.
And-and then I sneak out and before Monica can her parents come in.
Oh my God!
No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross's mom.
Isn't that what happened with you and the bride's maid?
Yeah!! I call that London style.
Oh.
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Awesome!
There are snow cones! Snow cones! Yuck!
No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
We all hate Emily!
Nooo!!
Yeah!
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
Yes! Yes! Yes!!
His first big kid's bike, this is so exciting!
Yeah.
When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
Okay, good.
Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
That cup is mine!
Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Monica, how are you gonna do that?
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
I get that a lot.
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Yeah. Not looking for dates.
No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Y'know we already went over this and I won!
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Really?
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn't give me grief about me biting them.
What?
Your nails.
Oh, no, I meant that it's weird that you only have nine now.
Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
Oh, okay.
No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard.
You mean there's more than one of us.
MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
What happened to uh, MEG.?
That is so not my motto.
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
But, but?
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Okay!
Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Oh hey Joey! What's up?
What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls... Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.
Put all my money in me.
Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
See, didn't I tell ya these pillows would be a good idea?
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
So how's it going with you guys?
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
Ah!!
Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
I haven't seen him in so long!
Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard!
It's almost as if he knew.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Oh, great. This is just...
Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Wow, you guys, this is big.
Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
But you're not.
God. I love you.
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Yeah, okay.
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. Joey? Now is not the time!
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.
Sorry! Sorry.
Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier.
Yes.
Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?
When did I say that?
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
What?!! What?
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
Yeah, isn't he?
You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.
You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
So, this isn't over?
Really? Okay. Great!
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Not really.
Well there you have it!
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
You don't even have a car!
And?
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
So we can be friends who sleep together.
Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.
Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.
No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
Yes, and the dimmer switch.
Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
I-kea! This is comfortable.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
That's what you say about porn.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?
Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
Whoo!
Cool.
But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
Yeah.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Oh really? Like what Monica?
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
I'm all better now.
I helped!
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
This is so much fun!
This is not fun!
Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
'Scuse me?
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Rach, why won't they take it back?
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
Wait a minute, who told you? You are dead meat.
I didn't know it was a big secret.
You have a third nipple?
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
Okay.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
Sure.
Normally, I would not do it.
Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
Yeah.
See, I don't know, for me it would have to Chantal.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
-leg?
That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.
Ooh, steer clear of you.
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
So how are you doing?
I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
I am. Let me just get my coat.
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
Not really.
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
What's wrong Phoebe?
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
But we don't know the neighbors.
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
Wouldn't it be easier if we just moved?
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Hey Rach.
Stop picturing it!!
Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
Yeah.
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
I don't know.
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
It's my New Year's resolution!
What, to blind my child?
Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well.
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud?
I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
Sorry.
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
What are you talking about?
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Hey Chandler. Come on in. We're knitting pot holders.
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
What about all that "friends forever" stuff?
I don't know, I-I was all high.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
What in God's name is that?!
Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
That is so smart! Break it off. Break it off now.
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.
Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
She's not Rachel.
Oh my god.
So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
Okay.
Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
She's sleeping.
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!
Oh right, right.
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
That's right.
Chandler loves marriage!!
You got that from what I said?!
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
No-no
Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
That's not even a game!
What? Shut up! We're winning!
Fine, let's do it.
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Uh-hmm.
I love you so much.
Oh yeah, totally!
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Bye!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.
Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Nothing.
Come on, tell me.
Oh, I promise, what.
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
No. Not after what happened with Steve.
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Well, then can we meet him?
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Let's do it!
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off!
That guy's still doing that?!
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Well, thanks anyway.
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Exactly! Because it's in the past!
Anybody gonna eat that?
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
Hello? It's Joey. I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!
Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. Or-or Rachel!
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Did you smoke?
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Yeah, that's what I said.
Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you?
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
No! Oyster?
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
I do like that.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Really?
But again, Simmons. Go on.
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
But the mess!
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Yeah.
I wanna hear "The Sound."
Okay. But wait, we can't. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we're supposed to have lunch.
The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
That's me! Come on!
Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
I do not have baby fever!
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh!
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
I'm gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour!
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
Okay. But wait!
Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Let them win one.
You're not even giving them a chance!
I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
What?
Could tonight be the Night?
So, did you shave your legs?
Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
Yeah.
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.
Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Oh-I don't know.
Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Damnit Carl!
Oh my good God.
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Oh.
Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Hey, you know about that?!
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
It's good to see you.
It's good to see you too.
He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.
Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ow, Monica bang! Everybody bang. Ben bang. Rachel bang. Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
Oh my God! He's gonna rat me out!
Monica bang!
Look at that! Look at that! We all do it. Okay, I'm stopping now.
Really! All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. Okay, this is empty.
Not any more.
Really?!
Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
I'm sorry, who?
But we don't know the neighbors.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
Bobby.
Yeah, OK.
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Yeah, it is the best.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Yeah, I can do that.
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Rachel?!
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Hi, sure!
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
What are you doing here?
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
No. No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
Hi, Alan.
I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
C'mon!
All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Not fun anymore?
I'm still hungry!
I am!
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Ok...ay.
I just had sex.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
Wow, is that Michelle?
Yep.
Ya know, she's having another baby.
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
This isn't how it's supposed to go, there can't be another guy.
Well...
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
All right! Man, this is unbelievable!
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Ok.
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
Hey guys! Hey!
Hey.
That's a good one! Do you hear that Ross? Three days!
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Hey, look at all the boxes!
Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?
Yeah, that makes sense.
Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? Why? What did I say?
So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner.
Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we're gonna break-up instead.
Well, you just asked if I wanted to go to bed with you tonight.
All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Okay!
And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses?
Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!!
Hormones!
Oh, it's Ross's bachelor party.
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
Well, they always called.
Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
I'm off the list.
Y'know, suddenly I find you very attractive.
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
Hey, you're right.
Yeah.
Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
When did this happen?
Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
I gotta make up the guest bedroom. Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
Sure.
Cassie?
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Still?!
Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Oh, the mixed tape.
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Oh, I don't know.... Yeah, can't do it.
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
Not uh, not to my recollection.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
You sound like a guy.
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
Because we can remember them.
Well, sure, that too.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
Lebanon.
Behind my brother's back? ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
It's me, Carl.
C'mon up.
Seven hundred bucks!
Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel" plan!
You let Joey drive it?!
I've never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
Wow! I can't believe you lied to me.
Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.
Can I use your phone?
Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
Well, how do you find clothes that fit?
Oh, hey, Monica, we've got a question.
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
You hated me when we were kids?
Why did you hate me?
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
People do stupid things when they're upset.
Hi!
Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
Well, you never told me how old you were.
I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Kinda. They're really big.
What?
You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Ohh, that is soo sad.
Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Thanks.
Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
That sounds great!
Hey!
There's gravy?
Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Uh, hello.
Hi.
God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Oh.
Hey!
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! How long before it starts getting annoying?
Oww!
What's the matter honey?
It starts?
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
Ohh! Really?!
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Good for you!
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
Food? Uh-huh gimme!
No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.
No, I think you should tell them.
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
What?! Ow!
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Why?
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
Aw.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
No, not my touchie.
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
No.
Really?
Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
And you're still not attracted to him at all?
Yeah, but Mon that's totally different. He was you're health teacher.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Oh, I got that for him.
My mommies love me. That's clever.
Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Yes!
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
Men are unbelievable.
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
Let's go!!
Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
Megan!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
There are seven?!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
There are seven?!
Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
All right, so what were you thinking?
Ohh! No.
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
Here we come, walkin' down thethis doesn't smell like Mom's.
Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
We'd be eating our soup right now.
Mustached bastard...
Excuse me...
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?
I bet I stopped listening before you did.
Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.
It's coming from Joey!
Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
Okay, let's start with the free messages outside the UN.
Oh!! That's my new thing. I figure bodies at peace, make peace.
Ick-neck-tree-anis..... There's a 'g' in there.
Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
Well, we should probably get going.
Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.
I don't know, I don't have my jammies.
Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
I am so attracted to him right now.
Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
Well, Joey's my best friend.
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids.... All right, I get your point.
Nah, he doesn't do anything for me.
Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker Texas Ranger?
All right.
Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
God. I feel violated.
Ross, ten o'clock.
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
How?
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
How did he do this?
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!
Well, I don't know what to tell ya!
Fine!
You found that handle, did ya?
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
Why not?!
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see!
Hello? Who are we spying on?
Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Hello.
Hey Mon!
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Not at these prices.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
We said six!
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Hi!
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
How have you never been on Oprah?
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
What?
Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
You didn't leave lipstick marks on the phone.
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Do not speak ill of the dead.
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Hey Phoebs, whatcha got there?
Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Pete's breaking up with me.
What?!
And?
I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel.
How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Would you please get some rest!
Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
Hi! Hey, Pete you're back! Hey, check this out.
Wow! Skates!
Well...
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Yeah! You're the best!
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Your sunglasses?!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Okay, this one I like!
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Really?
Well, it still has to go, right?
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. Since when did you start smoking cigars?
Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.
So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
Yeah.
And Chandler I can't believe I let you pay for this one. Thanks man.
Oh that would be great!
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
Yeah.
Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.
Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Does anybody need anything?
That is so unfair.
Sweetie, with you it's gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, 'cause you-you guys are in love.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Yeah?
That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!
Fine.
Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you're with me.
Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
You didn't cry when Bambi's mother died?
Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
I'm not macho.
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
Are you still awake?
Yeah! You?
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
I'll get it. Hello. Hi Emily! Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second.
Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
It's almost as if he knew.
Hey! Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. She wants to say hi. Hold on.
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Noooo.
What?!
Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. Maybe someday, there will be.
What?
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
Oh God! He's gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
I'm getting married today!!! I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!!
Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
Okay. Well there's one down.
Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
You don't know how that happened?! Your dog thought my diaphragm was a chew toy!
What a sweet story.
What?! They wanted a scary story!
Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
What?
Bunny!
Thank you.
It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. Whoa! Are you going in there for?
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?
What, like a number?
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
I blame London.
Bad London!
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
I blame London.
Bad London!
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
He does?
Say again?
Feelings, such strong feelings.
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
You're not an artist.
Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
What are you talking about? She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Why?
Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
No.
Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Agghhh.
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
Hey
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
That is nice and we're done. TADA!
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
Of course!
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
That's what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you're Chip. Nevermind.
Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
The what?
No, I think it's cute.
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Ok.
All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.
Well, Mon, I was married.
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
That's not a question.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Look, it was a job all right?
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
I know what it did! Nothing.
Like this.
But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Come on. Hello? I'm sorry you have the wrong number. Okay, I'll call you later dad. I love you.
You were trying to eat it!
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
All right, I'm off to see your dad.
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Really?
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Yeah! Oh yes!
Ohh.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
I was tired!
Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Thank you! Break!
You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
I can't leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.
Eh! There you go.
Oh, ew!
Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
Yeah, come to papa.
I know!
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
About what?
Umm... I'm never gonna getting married!
No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, you know I'm not even thinking about that thing that we're not supposed to think about.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
Neither am I.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.
Um, cake.
Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake.
Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Then all your stuff would be here.
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Then all your stuff would be here.
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Well...honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
I'm sorry but...nothing.
What?
Honestly? Me too.
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
I want the little round waffles.
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
You need to give him money.
Give him money? It was a joke!
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
That's an idea! Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
That's great! That would be great! Let's do that!
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Oh, god... She's told you that already, didn't she?!
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.
Which one was Pete Carney?
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
That was a terrible throw!!
I'm not gonna right to you! That's not real!
Yeah, I think we are.
No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger.
Y'miss it?
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
That's ridiculous!
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
Hi!
What-what are-what are these?
No-no-no, no!
Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
So great! Okay! Tomorrow we're gonna drive out to Montauk.
Hey, Bonnie had sex there!
You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Pheebs, you've been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn't healthy.
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
Please stay on the line. You're call is very important to us.
No, no, I'm fine, and y'know why? 'Cause of all the riboflavin.
Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Here's your key
Oh thanks.
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Half full of looooovvvvve.
Cabin of loooooovvvvve.
Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
Tuna or egg salad? Decide!
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Hey-hey, I'm not judging.
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler.
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
How come those?
What happened to uh, MEG.?
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.
See.
OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Joey, you don't have to count down every time we kiss.
Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Ugh!
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
So what's going on with you?
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
No! But I know exactly what I'm going to say.
Do you happen to know what I'm going to say?
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
Would it really have been that easy?
Yes!!!
Hey! What's up?
Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
Huuh.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.
Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
Keep talkin'.
Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.
Like a hound?
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
Yeah.
Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. What?
Goodnight.
No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
Listen if you wanna go, just go.
All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
It's hard, y'know, his huddle is closer to Dutch girl.
What are you gonna do?
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Why?!
The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Why?!
The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.
Yeah, we're goin' to a Ranger game.
Yeah, didn't he tell ya?
You hear that? We're the guys.
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
So um, who was she?
Oh, that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.
Well, you seem fine.
All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
What are you gonna do?
Okay.
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Really?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah?
Just go up to her and ask her out. Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Yeah, whatever.
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
I could die.
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
I called him.
Nooo.
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you.
God, I hope they kick his ass!
Honey, I'm sorry.
May I help you?
Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
What are you doing out there?
I am, uh, I am...
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
You made pottery?
Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
Okay. Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
Was it not pain-free?
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Sure.
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! And I'm sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Wait, am I missing something though? 'Cause I thought death was something that's supposed to be sad, in a way.
Well ah, Aunt Silvia was, well not a nice person.
You get the dollhouse.
Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
Then free as a bird. What's up?
My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Are you serious?
Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. It was right here, where is it?
Hey guys!
Hi!
I don't know.
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Ohh, so?
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Yeah, you're on your own.
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don't want to make it savory.
Gimme this.
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.
Oh, that's great! Congratulations!
Thank you! Hey, how'd the catering go?
Yeah. I'm a hard ass.
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
What?!
Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
What?!
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
For what? I can't believe this! I gotta get out of here.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
Waiting for candy.
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
We want candy! We want candy now!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
You dated her!
Not once!
Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey.
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Okay. Here's the thing.
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids.
That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here.
Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Oh that's so great!
I know!
Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me?
All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
Yeah, that's true.
Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
Yeah.
They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!
I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, so that you can bunny bump against my back.
Well, it's official there are no good movies.
Well, let's go to a bad one and make out.
Hey!
What? You freak! You wouldn't even have known about this place if it wasn't for me!
Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
And now you'll see me buying it.
Look, you don't want to fight me.
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Pheebs, how's it going?
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.
Just tell me the truth.
Oh, yeah. Wasn't that like a year ago?
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Awww. But still no.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Oh no-no, I can't do that.
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
How can they do this to me?
Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.
Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
I was just leaving.
Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
I'm starving!
I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We invented this game!
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
So, can I get some candy?
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
Well okay, I'll swing by later. Do you live in this building?
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
What?
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
What were you doing in Africa?
Working with blind kids.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Okay. That was her right?
Definitely.
Yay!
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
That's, that's nice twice!
Duh, where've you been?
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Huh?
You said no right?!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Okay, what's going on with you?
Nothing! You go!
Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
...hormones, yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet.
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don't think you have to wear it unless you are!
What is that?
Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
I know I don't have too! It tastes good.
'Cause if you do that means you'd be cancelling it for me, and we're just friends.
No! No!
Okay.
Exactly.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
But we're not ready to tell yet!
I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
What was that?
Uhh, I'm guessing the threshold's clear now.
Time is money my friend?
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
You don't pick me! You're stuck with me!
Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
Wow! Just like in the pros.
I have no moves. Okay, whatcha doin' there?! Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?
I have some moves.
Yeah, let's just forget it.
You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.
No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
I'm not all right.
We're, we're just gonna get a little sip of water.
Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
I just-I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
I can check that for ya.
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
You didn't marry your Barry. I did.
Oh.
Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
A face ass?
A chin dimple!
Have you seen your guy's body?
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
I know, I just thought it would be fun.
How drunk are you?
That's the perfect amount!
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Yeah, it's a very large plane.
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
Who is it?
I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
You wanna buy a car?
No.
Ohh...
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Uh-oh! Uh-oh!
What?
Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
It's okay...
Two years.
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
What's that?
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
That bitch!
Monica! What...
Hi Frannie, congratulations.
Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Had it.
Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look!
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
I ran!!
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Right.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Right.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Yeah-Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
Hey, it's good to see you!
You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.
Well, my nose got lonely.
Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
Ohh. Ouch.
What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
Since when?
Because they don't know we're dating. Do you think we should eat in the kitchen?
Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four.
Why can't I tell them that we live together?
Why haven't you told them?!
No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
What?
Monica, I'm cutting you off.
Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"
"See you around?"
Well, what do you want me to say?
Alright, I'll call you.
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
And what if I was still fat? Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
Sure I would!
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Just some stuff for the party.
Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
Still crying?
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
What's the other one?
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
Yeah, you do.
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
So Santa's coming?
Yes! Santa's coming!
How do you know so much about this?
Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
But I already gave them back to you!
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Rachel always cries!
That's not true!
All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
Does it have to do with Joey?
No.
No, but let's come back to that later!
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
And twenty-five it is.
You gave him cookies?
I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Oh that explains all the women's underwear.
Sure. Yep.
Certainly.
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Nice car!
Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.
Alright, that sounds like a two person job.
Well, my goodness, what was that?
You thought I was Rachel?
So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
I know!
Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
All right.
Thank you!
It was, it was her voice.
Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
If Phoebe were my maid of honor...
Uh-hmm.
Yeah that's actually a pretty good idea.
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Whoa.
Yes, and the dimmer switch.
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
I know a great little place.
You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Ben, dinner!
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Oh, from who?
From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you.
I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
Okay no, you do it.
What?
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
I feel terrible, I really do.
Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
Yes.
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
The Ice Capades?
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler!
How did that happen?!!
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
Rach! It's me! Pick up!
Hey! What's up?!
So all we have is ice?
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it's funny now?
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
No.
No, it's really good.
All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. What?
I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
That's closer.
Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now.
Later!
Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
All right shut up for a second and let me just see something. Oh, wow!
Okay, bye.
I'm sorry things didn't work out...
Okay, you'd tell me the truth. Right?
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Whoa, I'm not done.
Bye-bye.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
A mirror?
Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
And that's Phoebe over there!
Hi!
1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Hey! Okay, so I thought we'd start with my make up and then do my hair.
All right. Good luck.
Thanks.
Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Monica! I think Rachel's here!
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Yeah, it's great.
Whoa-whoa, what's the matter?! Talk to the captain!
Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Oh?
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
I guess you can.
It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
You tired Chandler?
Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Hey, where is everybody?
They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon.
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Oh my God!
Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
Do you guys know what happened to Chandler's barca lounger?
Oh yeah, Joey broke it. Had to get rid of it.
Happy birthday!!!
Y'know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
And cut!
I'm back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
What if they get mixed up?
Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.
See, if anyone overheard that, I didn't come off well.
Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Oh, I've got it! I have got it! Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
All right, what's going on there?
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Maybe on some level.
Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's "Audition didn't go so well. Yeah it did?"
Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Not so good.
Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I've had such a craving for them.
I made you a surprise.
Oh yeah?
Did you not understand the story?
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
'Cause you invited your assistant.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
Oh God.
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
I've gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica's room.
I'll help you dial.
Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Who's Paul?
Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
He finally asked you out?
Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
What?
But I can't tell you.
Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous.
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
I am proud of all my friends today.
Hi, I'm Chandler. Your live-in boy
I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
Really?
Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Do you want my pickle?
Hey guys.
Well, he's very charming.
Oh God! He's gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. Maybe someday, there will be.
Oh, okay!
Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back.
Pheebs! Always a pleasure.
Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't-I still can't believe it.
Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Is it true they have beer?
Everything you've heard is true.
You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Hmm?
How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
What is wrong with you?!!!
What?!
So you didn't mean any of that?!
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
This is a great place. How long have you lived here?
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Really?
Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
G'night.
Night Richard. Good luck Mon.
Two.
Well uh, I'm trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Hey!
Hey! What's up Mon?
Have at it.
Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but...
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!
No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but...
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
I'm off the list.
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Your mother told you this?
Yes!
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Come on, they were not that huge.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime.
Hey!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus?
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Really?
So, Monica, what do you do?
Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. Don't do the dance.
Know when to stop.
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Right!
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
No, we only went out once.
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Pheebs?
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Okay!
Okay.
How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Tell her what?
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Hey.
What is ah, Rach in her room?
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Bye! Thank God
No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
Hmm?
Did-did you take these back?
Oh yeah, they're really great! Aren't they?
So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
You should both know, that he's a dead man. Oh, Chandler?
I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
No no. See, in my bedroom I set my clock six minutes fast. You wanna know why?
I'm gonna set them to my time.
Well, I'm confused. I thought we shared time.
Because it's in a slightly different time zone than the kitchen.
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
Texas?
And Dad, y'know that mailman that you got fired? He didn't steal your Playboys! Ross did!
Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I'm sorry.
It was you?
Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn't break the porch swing, Monica did!
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Well, she saw the ring.
Did she freak out?
Right.
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
So, that's it?
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it's been twelve years.
And was the curse lifted?
Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Can I see you for a second?
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
No.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
So, that's it?
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Ugh. Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? Go ahead. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-
Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Hi Chandler.
Monica! This is the Men's room! Isn't it?
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
Says who? Your mom?
Yeah.
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Did you like it?
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
Or... just get a card that has a poem already in it.
But Mon, you have to get our money!
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Did she just ask me out on a date?
I don't think so.
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
Well uh, I had breakfast here so technically I saved $3.50.
How did you make $17.
How come those?
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Oh God... Why don't they put chairs back here?!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we'll be getting married?
I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Yes, include more people in this.
Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Yeah, okay.
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
Maybe.
Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
Oh, well thank you in advance.
Op, but the twelfth brings a lover's spat.
Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
All right, enough! I don't want to hear about it anymore! Good luck, Chandler.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Well, it was great seeing you the other night.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Right.
You said no right?
No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
Ooh, God it looks bad.
Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
He's really picky about his patients.
I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
I'm just trying to spice it up!
Okay, so let's play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
Oooohh that's interesting.
You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
Everything you've heard is true.
Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Um
I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Honey, we gotta go!
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Yes, include more people in this.
Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?
Your a poet and don't know it.
Actually I ah, I am a poet.
Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Get my glasses too.
All righty roo. What a great moment to say that for the first time.
Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a coaster?
Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
It's a legitimate learning technique. Wow!
Hey, there's uh, some people outside, askin' about candy.
Need some help?
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Ok, they're coming, shhh.
You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Pheebs, I was wondering...
Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, I'll do it!
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Okay, good, 'cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...
Hey, are we still on for tonight?
Yeah.
No! No boom-boom before big fight!
Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
No.
No.
All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. Call Rachel.
Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
What's that on the bottom?
Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
OK, so at this point, the dealer...
Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Are you really not going?
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
If you wanna call that a reason.
Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
Hey, what'd you guys do to get up on there?
We learned how to dance.
Yeah!
All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
I know.
Oh, Chandler funny?
It was okay. She's still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.
Hey guys.
Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?
Ohh, yeah.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
I'm sorry, is the seat uncomfortable?
No, I am.
I do?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Nothing.
Oh, maybe that's it.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Hey, I went up.
Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
What?
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Where can I wash up?
Thank you.
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
Okay, I'm hearing.
What?!
So, did you do it?
What?!
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Okay, what's going on with you?
Okay. Umm...
Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Nothing! You go!
Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Oh.
Sure, I'll do it with ya.
They're still in my coat.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Damn!
Yeah! She's right in there!
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Oh great. Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
What are you doing?
Uh-huh, yeah!
Oh, thanks.
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Hey.
Joey-
Ah! Huh?
Hey.
Would it really have been that easy?
So-so you would've just lied?
Yes!!
Yes!!!
That is so funny. Let me see that.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Are you ok, Ross?
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Tho?
Ohhh.
Ok.
Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Hey, you feelin' better?
So, do you have any other possibilities?
What?
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
Yeah, thanks. You know what?
Then I won't have to kill you.
So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?
What?
You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
Okay, y'know what? Maybe I should go!
No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!
It is the softest hair! Touch it!
If you want, I'll do it.
That's... that's classic.
Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
Mom, I'm hungry.
See, he's her lobster.
Dance with him.
Dance with your father.
I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Yes, but for the last time.
So, wait, you really did like my cookies?
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.
No really, they're OK.
They'r alright.
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
They're green?
What's the game?! What's the game?!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Good! Good! Five points!
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
No. No, you're not a loser.
Look at me!
Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary, 10 months!
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
You still want to move in together right?
Yeah, no, me neither.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Of course!
Hi!
Lucky sixes....
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
And Joey....
Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.
I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We're not 13 anymore.
But, won't she notice I have makeup on?
What did I tell you about the hall?!
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah.
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
I didn't know Playboy prints jokes.
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Here, check it out. It's the first one, too.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
You sound like a guy.
You'll have a last kiss.
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
Unless...
What?
Yeah, I'd really like that.
Mmm.
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
Yeah, isn't that great?
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
What is it?! What about Pete?
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
No!
I don't know!
But we can go, right?
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Yes.
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Right here!
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Dying people say the craziest things.
Break my heart-Oh, all right.
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
Yeah! Right!
WHAT IS IT?!
Yes. Absolutely. A quality.
I heard that!
Pulling what? It's second down.
Okay, it's second down. Take all the second downs you need.
Well, I said it loud.
Why, how much is that?
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
That's about 60 cents.
Not one that can pee on the roof.
What's this?
That's a dog, every house should have a dog.
Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
What are you doing here? You can't be here!
Oh, that is better.
Are we in London?
I've uh, I've come to talk to Ross.
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
What's hard to believe?
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
But I...
Okay, just get a lot better. Fast.
You didn't know that already?
Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.
Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Hey.
Hey! How long until Pete's fight?
Hot dog?
Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
What?!
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Okay.
Yeah!
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
Come on, play that funky music white boy.
No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in-No, yeah, okay.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Oh.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Can't hear you!
No ma'am.
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Please, can't you help me out?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
You need to give him money.
I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir.
Is this because of the burrito thing?
Give him money? It was a joke!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
No, only because that's the graduation song.
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Yeah, there's one right under the cabinet.
Hey!
Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
Thanks.
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
I'm crying here!!
Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Nah... not-not special enough.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
There's gravy?
What are you doing?
How'd it go?
Oh!... Right!
Hey Rach!
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Phoebe moved out.
Right.
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
Cassie needs to stay at your place.
What-why?
What?! Chandler she's our cousin!
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Hi!
What's up?!
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Yes!
Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
He finally asked you out?
Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Well, you know Chandler.
Maybe you changed?
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!
Okay.
So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
I cannot push it in!
Really?!
No. Why?
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
Huddle up.
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Wow! Just like in the pros.
All right, huddle up, right over here.
Rachel said everything was okay.
What?
Nothing, nothing.
What, what are they talking about?
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Woooo!!!
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
You do?!
Eh, you work for that.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
No, she's out shopping.
Hey.
Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Damn!
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Me too!
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Yeah, we really do!
Okay.
Y'know, we don't have to imagine.
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Why?
I have my reasons.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?
Wow, this really sucks.
Yeah, it sure does.
No, no, there's no rush or anything.
You look cute in bubbles.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Ehh, you're just liquored up.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Bye!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
-leg?
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
That I was not expecting.
Oh. Thanks.
Hi, nice to meet you!
Hey Bing! Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Hi! And this is my wife Kara.
There you go!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
"...by doin' it."
Ross, the heat!
Rach, get the heat. Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
Are you serious? Oh my God.
Um, coffee to go, please.
Isabella Rosselini.
Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
Joey, what are you doing?! It's never gonna happen, she's seeing somebody.
Oh!
And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
Yeah, and I don't have any cologne.
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
I don't gossip!
Hey, what's going on?
No, I was ten. I just developed early.
Man alive!
Hey!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
No, look, don't touch that!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Oh! Yeah!
Just go get some! Go!
Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
At this?!
Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Okay, okay, what's going on?
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
No more jam?!
Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
Let us keep the apartment and...
Totally worth it!
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Okay. We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Why?
Ohh, so?
We'd be eating our soup right now.
I don't know.
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
Mustached bastard...
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
I'm, I'm really sorry.
I understand.
Wow.
Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.
Oh my god, what were you thinking?
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Oh my God! I love him!
About what?
He's planning your birthday party.
You'd better act surprised.
My surprise party!
You'd better act surprised.
About what?
What surprise party?
Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
My surprise party!
What surprise party?
Well, he didn't tell me.
So what are you gonna be?
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Woo-woo!
I can't believe you did that!
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Oh.
Yeah, um, may we help you?
No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
This hummus is great.
God bless the chickpea.
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
Thank y...
Girls, sit down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.
Okay, I'm not getting this!
She could be you.
Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...
I'm totally getting it!
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Really?
Sorry.
Who?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
What's with all the bottles of liquor?
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Oh God, even his knock is boring.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Normally, I would not do it.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Then what's the problem?
Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.
I did do it, I'm a professional.
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
I can't believe she's married.
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
Yeah.
All right then.
Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Are you gonna let me play?
The game is over, we eat now?
He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.
Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Isn't that great?
Hi.
Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
How would that go? Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.
Mine? Right here?
I can write an epic poem about this lip.
You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........
Tomorrow night.
Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
So, are you gonna see him again?
Monica, what are you doing?
So what did you do today Pete?
Okay.
So ask me what I did today.
I bought a restaurant and I would like you to be the head chef.
Joey, you had the night!
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
What?
Aww, thank you.
Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it's like a law!
Allll done!
Okay, who's next?!
Will you stop!
Gin.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Okay. All right.
Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
The players.
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
I don't know sweetie.
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
No! Help me!
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ohh! Hi!
Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Well...
Havin' some trouble?
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Great!
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Wait, wait, wait!
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time!
Nice try.
Look, Monica...
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Okay!
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! Yes!
Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
Yep, we wanna get married!
Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! I'm your hand twin!!
Hello! One marriage please!
Well, there's a service in progress. Have a seat.
How'd the lecture go?
Hey!
Hey!
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Who the hell are you?!
Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
Hey Mon! Hey Chann! Just gettin' a soda!
I'm Joey! How are you doin'?!
Ross!!
I'm Irish.
And the Irish guy wins the joke!
Ross!
No, it's more like a good luck.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
That's sweet.
So uh, what did this woman look like?
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
She was a welder.
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
It's not Christmas!
But my clothes are-ohh!
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Wow, you look...
Yeah, it's great.
Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?
Whoa-whoa, what's the matter?! Talk to the captain!
Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Okay.
Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
Oh yeah.
Whoa, I'm not done.
So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Oh, can I borrow this? My milk's gone bad.
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
Oh, really.
What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Would you excuse me for a second?
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
You're not just saying that are you?
Really!
Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.
No, the man is a mess.
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Really?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah?
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Yeah, that's what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
Na-uh! Hey did anybody lose their keys?
There's a lost and found? My shoe!
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Joey!!
Yeah?
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
It's an expression.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
Well, what's the job?
Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
Is Tony Randall dead?
Hi.
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Yeah. He could row like a viking.
Mmm.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
I got it!
Okay, we're gonna need a distraction.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
Yes!
It's all very, very good. So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
What's the charity?
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
I don't know, something either trees or disease-Ralph mumbles a lot.
Oh dad, really you don't need to...
I remember when we first got engaged.
Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
Well, I'd gotten Judy pregnant. I still don't know that happened.
No she hasn't.
Oh Joey!
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
That's right.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
Ooh, steer clear of you.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Wow! It's like Rachel in High School.
Is everything okay?
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
What?!!
What?!
No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
I'll be waiting.
Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something.
There's only one.
Monica.
Rachel. Hey.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
OK.
Ross kissed me.
It was unbelievable!
Light still out?
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Yeah.
I'm a twinkie.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
How ya doin'?
Really? I'm a hero.
'Scuse me?
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Okay well that's good to know.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Eh...
The Mr. Bowmont's here!!!
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
Ross's parents are my parents!
Joey!
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Well-well-see? Parents are comin'!
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Pheebs?
Hey, Phoebe!
Joey!
Didn't think so.
Hi, Pheebs!
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
How's it gonna be all right?!
Uh-huh, I see that.
What? What?
Stupid.
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
What we did last night was....
Totally crazy stupid.
Mm-hmm.
Okay!
Monica. Whaddya think?
Wh- are you welling up?
Oh God!
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Oh, dad, turn it off.
It is off.
It's the off light. Right Ross?
That's fine.
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Thank you.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Bobby.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.
Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.
Yeah, OK.
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Ok.
All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.
Well, Mon, I was married.
Oh, yeah.
Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Absolutely.
Oh, yeah!
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
How much longer?
Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
A-A day.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Oh my God.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
OK, I'll see you later babe.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? I'm still gonna go.
Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes.
I am good. I finished my book.
Oh my God!
So, how are you?
Oh yeah, what's it about?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
And twenty-five it is.
Dammit, dammit, dammit!
But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
: Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.
Yep, I'm in a tree.
Did he call? Did Mark call?
Oh. Oh my God, is that Phoebe?
Ow!! Ow!!!
Excellent hole, Joe.
Oh no! No!! My hole!!
What?! What?!! What is it?!
That's true.
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
The man's got a point.
It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Hi
Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
Lecroix. Janine Lecroix
I know!!!
Hello.
Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It's so beautiful.
So, I'm here, ready to play.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
What?!
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Oh.
Totally!
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
We don't have to come up with this now.
All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Whoa, I'm not done.
Bye-bye.
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
And I will see you tomorrow!
That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Alright, I'll call you.
I don't think you mean that.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Noo!! Okay!!
Absolutely! It would just be one friend helping out another friend.
Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
Okay!
Oh.
What?
Ethan called again.
Are you not seeing him anymore?
See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Periodontist.
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
Well, no. But...
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Monica Gellerrr.
Right, will you excuse us for one moment? What are you doing?
Just please stop!
Well, don't 'cha wanna?
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
You think you know me so well.
Yeah.
I can't believe you did that.
Which one? Which button, Jack.
The button, the button.
Yeah, well.
Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
Who is being loud?
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
You're not an artist.
Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Jacket now.
Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
Would you look at them?
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Yeah, can't help but.
This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.
Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?
You're strict.
You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Ew, this feels very weird.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Oh my God, they took my idea!
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
What is wrong with you?!!!
What?!
So you didn't mean any of that?!
Alright. Phoebe?
If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Yeah, alright.
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
What?! You slept with Jason?
Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
You'd already broken up.
Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
I can't believe this!
Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go!
1250.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Damn, I forgot you were here.
Oh my god.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
What?
What's a 'niffle'?
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Oh, that is so sweet. Oh gosh, love you. Insurance?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Whatcha doin'?
Ooh.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
But you've only slept with two people.
Right.
Now I do.
Oh God, you are about to get sooo lucky.
Yeah, am I in it?
Honey, you are in it.
Oh, yeah!
Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
Everybody knows!
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
Y'know what, that's fine, maybe you haven't grown up, but I have.
Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
Oh my God!
Oh-ho, okay.
Your a poet and don't know it.
Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?
I thought I would, but the translation's no good.
Actually I ah, I am a poet.
Did that!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Still?!
Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Okay. Here's the thing.
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Okay. Can you give me a little push?
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
All right.
Yeah, sure. Good luck!
So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
And it's not fake, it's totally brutal.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
No, sorry.
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Well where's Amanda?
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
No, sorry.
Well where's Amanda?
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Goodnight.
Hey, that coupon expires, you know.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.
Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Hmm.
OH...MY...GAWD!!
Ohh, Nothing.
300 dollars?!
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Okay, fine, $300.
Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Ugh!
Hi!
Oh my good God.
I know what time you said.
Happy birthday!!!
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
Happy birthday!!!
Rach! Come on! Rach!
This is my dress!
You came?!
Yeah!
No!
It's Chandler! Are you OK?
Hello?
Hey, it's me.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
Chandler! He's here!
Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me.
Hi.
Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.
Defend yourself.
Hmm.
Be right there sweetums. A totally different situation.
How-how did that happen?
...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
Uh-oh...
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
H-He's in China!
The country.
What about the time difference?
Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--
Are you ok, Ross?
I don't know. What's in this pie?
Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key lime pie.
I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Are you okay? You're not blinking.
Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Huh?
You said no right?!
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Yeah?
What's up?
I thought of a thing.
Yeah. I have to sleep, have to, on this side of the bed.
Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Well, it was great seeing you the other night.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
Nothing! It's an expression.
Why don't you just get a roommate?
Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Hey, you know about that?!
Huh? What'd ya say Joe? I'll be right there.
So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
That's so sweet. I'm gonna get some coffee.
Pheebs...
Okay! Why?!
I know why!
No you don't know why!
Because! Because I was sad.
Morning.
It's my game. You want the job or not?
Hey.
Where ya goin'?
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Maybe nobody's tried this.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
Waiting for candy.
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
We want candy! We want candy now!
Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"
"See you around?"
Well, what do you want me to say?
Alright, I'll call you.
What kind of changes?
You!
It's the chick! She's...going through some changes.
Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.
Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.
Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
No you can't.
No way!
Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
Uh.
I was gonna have Thanksgiving at my girlfriend's.
Well, it's getting late.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Yeah, get out!
One more game?
Hello?
Would you like to call somebody?
Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks.
Hey, it's me.
Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Ohhh.
Why not?
Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
Thanks.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
I think he's across the hall.
There y'go.
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
How are you?
I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?
That I was not expecting.
All right, I'll see you guys later.
No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Off to see young Ethan?
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
People do stupid things when they're upset.
Hi!
So?!
Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?
Whoa, ah!! We're you just gonna give me some lemonade?
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Then get over yourself! Grow up!
I mean don't you trust her?
Well, yeah!
You grow up.
So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
I don't know.
Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
What?!
That's what you said last night.
Really? Who's number two?
Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
I can't! I have to work!
I don't know sweetie.
No! Help me!
Phoebe?
No-no-no, no!
What-what are-what are these?
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
I am a good kisser.
Is that the heartbeat?
And well, what did she say?
Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
I did.
Thank you.
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
You have to go to London!
What?
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
Rachel?!
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
And I just want a million dollars!
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Oh, sweetie!
Oh!
Thanks you guys! Again.
You're the best. Thanks. Oh!
Don't worry. You'll find some place to get married.
To Put the Camera Away!!!
Man, you are Westminster Crabby.
Oowww!!
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
I was laughing.
Out loud?
So how are you doing?
Oh yeah. Definitely.
What were we thinking?
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
I might've said that. Why is that funny?
I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Really?! That's what you heard? You said that?
Because I'm very happy for him! And you, you lucky dog!
Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
Our last ocean view room was unacceptable to you.
Uh-huh.
Rachel's at work.
Sorry.
I can hear that!
I can still hear you!
Friday's perfect...She can't wait.
Monica!!!
Absolutely! Is Friday okay?
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
Thank you.
Excuse me?
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Right.
Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
What?!
All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
That's good enough. Right? Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!
It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
Thank you for that! I was not flirting.
Really?!
Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
No.
Yeah! You're the best!
There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Oh yeah right!
No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!
Yeah well unless we tell him.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
Wow! You made a profit!
Did you get your money back?
Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.
I just came for the red-velvet pillow.
Bye!
Haven't we made this decision?
Yeah, all right.
Bye!
Damn! It's empty!
Oh my God! You really are freakishly strong!
Monica! Stop it!
Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!
Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Phoebe? Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Which Richard?
Ready?
Okay.
Coming in, we got a shooter! Money please.
Ready!
Okay. Don't you want a cookie?
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Okay.
Sure? Thanks.
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
"I'm Monica, I don't get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"
I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We're not 13 anymore.
I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
Pretty much, yeah.
Well, when it's not right, you know it.
I'm sick of Japanese. We're not going there.
I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.
All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.
Where were your parents?
All right, what's going on there?
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Oh they didn't want to come!
Poor thing!
Oh they didn't want to come!
Oh Chandler!
So that story doesn't make you cry?
That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Phoebe Buffay In Buffay The Vampire Layer.
Oh my God!
Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
No, I haven't.
Ohh!
Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
Joey!
Well then get it, get it!
That tone will not make me go any faster.
That one will.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Okay, I think I got it.
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Hey!
No.
Oh. Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard!
Oh my God, Richard.
What?! I'm Chandler! Oh, that's Richard!
Monica! Chandler!
Hey, it's good to see you!
Monica! Chandler!
Hey-hey, hey! I don't know why I did that!
You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you?
We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Oooh, I'm afraid that does not exist.
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
The second sister dies?!
Okay that does sound like fun.
Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Oh yeah, what's the plan?
We... We are not... ...going to let it... be a problem.
Well y'know, we did other stuff too.
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
So, where do you want to go?
Oh-no-no-no-no....
Just one drink?!
Hey, you like pizza?
The best man? Wow!
Jeffery.
We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
I know! I almost called off my wedding. Oh, who's your band?!
Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
Was it really that good?
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
5 6 7 8!
Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Yeah.
Chandler! What are you doing here?
Eh! Stop it!
Hey!
Hey!
Sounds like she's got the ah, whole package.
So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
Yeesh, what'd you do about it?
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
To the bank.
Hey.
Where you going?
Sperm or regular?
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Why?
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Where? Ooh, come to Momma.
Just some stuff for the party.
She told us.
So whaddya got there Monica?
Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs.
Aww, Rach, I think you look cute And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Get away from me I said no!
Oh, Richard's here. I should run down say bye to him
Huh?
Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
No. We were in the middle of sex...and you fell asleep.
Monica?
I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!
Why? Why would you do that?
Ankle.
I wish all guys could be like him.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
I know.
Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
Do we have to know about that?
I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Well, you know.
Well, thanks.
I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Wow.
Mmm-mmm.
But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.
Aren't you going to swallow that?
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
Wow.
Aren't you going to swallow that?
Yeah, isn't that great?
For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.
Hey.
C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.
I'm sorry.
The head tilt?
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Joey.
Chandler.
You're obviously not their favorite pet.
It may not be a bed of roses.
Shut up, I'm happy.
Well, maybe you don't need them.
My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Monica, how are you gonna do that?
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
I need these hangers separated ASAP. You're welcome.
Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Wow! Your lip went bald. Hey, thanks.
Oh my God. Richard? Hi!
Hi!
So, you look great.
I love this friend thing!
Yeah, right.
Hello.
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Yeah, sure.
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Someone in there?
Yeah, Ginger something.
No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.
Oooh.
Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
Wow! It's small.
Oy!
See there it is right there.
Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
We're sorry honey.
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Ohh!
Oh, it's okay.
Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.
Sure.
Where are we?
Just tell me the truth.
Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
I bought a restaurant and I would like you to be the head chef.
What?! Oh.
What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
Phoebe?
Pizza guy!
Thank God. Food.
What?
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Whoa.
Yes, and the dimmer switch.
I know. I need more pie.
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Oh my God.
Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
You didn't know that already?
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.
Yeah, I thought it was cute.
Doing great, the quiches are coming along.
What's this? Blue nail polish?
Ahh, that's what your Grandmother's hands looked like when we found her.
Wow!
Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word.
Yes, well I was wrong, and I have to say you really impressed me today.
Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. She doesn't know we switched it.
Umm, well, he's...
How do ya do.
What's...
He's doin' some thinkin'!
Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Lebanon.
How long is this gonna take? 'Cause I got another critic to go yell at.
I am so jealous.
Oh, yeah, sure, it's not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
Oh!
You guys are really right...there aren't you?
Uh-oh, it was bad?
So, did you do it?
Yes, yes, we had the sex.
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
I can't find garbage bags!
Okay, but this can't be good for the baby.
Oh!
Oh, I think I saw some in here.
A couple of days.
Oh, y'know, would you just for once, not remember every...little...thing!!
So y'know, uh, when's he getting back?
Y'know, I knew something like this was going to happen.
Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!
I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture.
Oh my God! Look at this!
I don't care! The wires have come loose in your head!
Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! I was right! I'm right, right?
Nothing. No, nothing.
I was going to call him, but...
I'd really rather talk to him.
Oh, no!
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
Oh my God!
No, it's all right. I got nice boobs.
Okay.
How was that possible?
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
Okay.
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
Because we won our apartment back!
What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
I don't know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! Ah-ha!
Okay, ready?
What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
So why don't you give me your number?
Yeah.
So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Hey!
Hey!
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Oh my God!
You got screwed.
Oh my God!
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Sooo?
What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
Oh, it's Ross's bachelor party.
Are you bachelors?
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Well, look at that, same thing.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Oh, hello Rachel.
That counts!
Bye.
I'm still on London time, does that count?
Oh, good!
Please!
Get out!
Nooo!
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Bye Dan!
Yeah, fair enough.
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
Uh, bye Monica.
Come in. I've been waiting for you.
That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
Works on you.
Hi! I just wanna--Ahhh!!! Oh my God! Oh my God!
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
Ooh, it's not a toy.
Okay, this one I like!
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Yeah, it did.
Hi.
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
So, I guess this is over.
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
Hey! Hi!
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!
That was a half an hour?
It's your timer.
All right, then massage me up right nice!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
I do not have baby fever!
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
Now, open your eyes.
All right.
Okay.
Okay, they are.
I'm so sorry.
Why?! What happened?!
Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. I'm sorry man.
Hmm.
Anybody lose this?
Comin' out. Place your bet. Dice are out. Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!
So uh, I'm on my way back to the bathroom.
Then all your stuff would be here.
Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!!
Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
Okay.
Uh-hmm.
Okay!
Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
What do you mean?
Yeah, just like the one in the poem.
Well not exactly like the one in the poem.
Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
I can see why that's hard to resist.
I like her so much!
I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
Come on! I really need your help!
No-no-no-no-no!
Okay.
Joey we know you steal our food.
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Whoa, I didn't know we could date your sister!
I'm good.
Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
People! People say it! Come here!
No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac.
What people?
So oysters, huh?
And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.
People! People say it! Come here!
So oysters, huh?
Y'know, it's funny, but when we were studying communicable diseases...
Joey! You didn't even know her!
No, that was Dana Caplin.
Ohhhh!
Ah whatever!
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Oh God... Why don't they put chairs back here?!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
Did you break up with her?
Oh my God yes! Who is she?
Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
I'm fine.
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel.
Would you please get some rest!
"Happy birthday to you!"
Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
I can't believe this!
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely.
All right, what about the third guy?
Come on! It wasn't that bad!
Easy for you to say; you'll be wearing a veil.
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
That is true.
Joey look it's really sweet...
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
Yeah baby!
Hey!
Well I was... I was exactly expecting company after... 9:15.
Jeffery.
Yeah!
So uh, who's your photographer?
We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
Really?
Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
That'd be good...
No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
What makes you think that I might not be okay?
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.
I saw Richard.
Oh, I-I don't know.
Now?
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Monica, what should I do?
Yes, they can stay with us.
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?
So, I'll get-get back to my friend.
I know.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
We are switching back, right now!
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
I mean, was it Gina?
How can you not know which one?
I mean that's unbelievable.
Which one is Gina?
You're going to China?
I'm going to China.
Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
That's great! That's wonderful!
Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Ohhhh!! Gross!!
It's okay. How's the soup?
Umm.
Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear!
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Not really.
Well there you have it!
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Just be yourself. But, not too much.
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Wish me luck.
Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
All right, look at my on the back page.
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
Okay, so Richard, Richard!
Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!
Phoebe.
Um
Ok, welcome to the fu-oh.
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Sure!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Right.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Damnit Carl!
Oh my good God.
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Let's do it!
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Ok...ay.
I just had sex.
Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Shhh!
Good runnin' into you at the bank today, so ah, here's my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Great!! That's great!
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Uh actually Joey, it's the Cretasous period.
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Really?
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.
Bloomingdale's eliminated my department.
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Well?
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Uh, uh.
Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!
C'mon!
I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Come on, they're close.
Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
How did he do this?
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Lots of responses.
Hey.
Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
: Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
That's, that's nice twice!
Duh, where've you been?
Um, I'm not actually Amish.
Not necessarily...
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Really? Then why are you like that?
Oh, I can't pass for 22?
No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
What?
Well, maybe 25-26.
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Oops.
What?
Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
Cache? Jaunty?
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.
I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
Ok, that's Eric.
Glad to be of help. Matches.
I don't know.
No. You don't have any of these cute little obsessive things.
No. See you don't understand.
Come on.
No that's not true. That is not true.
Not a basset, a bassinet.
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
Like a hound?
You really need the bassinet?
Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
I'm checking out the restaurant with Pete.
Hey, guess what I'm doing tonight.
What?
Ohh, Monica, I am so excited for you.
I love you.
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Okay, I love you.
I love you, love you.
I don't know exactly. It's-it's sorta like wrestling.
Pete?!
Why?! What is it?
Oh?!
'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Chip, is Chip Matthews.
The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? Come on, one of us had to mention him.
I moved back here a couple of months ago.
Uh.
Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
No.
No.
Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Oh. Oh.
Umm, it's a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Oh, good.
Oh, I have cards!
Oh.
Yeah! Here! Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
Chandler, I said I was sorry.
You're a dork.
I can't believe this.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?
Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.
Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
You guys ready fore the movies?
Rach! It's me! Pick up!
Yeah, what's that like?
Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?!
Hey! What's up?!
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Oh my God!
What do you, what do you think?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
Fine! Happy Anniversary!
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Fine with me!
Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Oh, put him on!
What's up?
Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
We'll see.
I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Ankle.
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
Is someone there?
Okay. So well I'll umm, I'll have her home by midnight.
Why aren't you home yet?!
Oh yes, it's me! Sorry!
Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
Does that smell bother you?
What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
I can smell it a little, bake the pie.
Hey! How was sailing?
That and arrogance.
Hey.
I don't want to talk about it. Y'know, you could've at least saved me a whole cookie.
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Really?
Well, it still has to go, right?
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
What?! Ow!
Noo!!
Noo!!!
Yes!
Yes!!
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more...
Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
Fine, I'll go call her.
Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
Wow! This looks great!
But you live here! You know that.
What?!
She wants me to move to London.
What-what-what are you gonna do?
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
So Santa's coming?
Yes! Santa's coming!
How do you know so much about this?
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
Ah.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
I don't need a tissue! I'm fine-d!
I have not been sick in over three years!
I'm gonna grab you some tissue.
When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
Thank God.
Why isn't it working out?
Huh?
Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Well, he's very charming.
Well, you're just gonna have to try.
I totally forgive you!
Well you did a little bit.
Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!
Really?
No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
I have some pretty exciting news!
You're pregnant!
Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Dad , Mom . Look! Look who it is it's Chandler!
Hi!
Hi!
Oh yes of course, hello Chandler.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Ohhh!
Wait! What about Joey?
Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go.
Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Hey, where is everybody?
Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.
They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
Larry?
Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.
Yum-my!
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Congratulations! Wow! I can't believe you're nominated for an Emmy!
Joey!
Good for you!
No-no.
Oh, look, he's waking up!
No, why?
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
hey, fella! How you doing?
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
That's not a question.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
Okay, I'm not getting this!
I'm totally getting it!
What? You just click when they click.
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
Hi Frannie, congratulations.
I believe you know my husband.
Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this.
Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
I was probably waiting for it to open.
We've got a box.
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
I gotta tell you, you look great now.
I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
What?
Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
You didn't leave lipstick marks on the phone.
What have I not told you?
I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
No, we don't.
You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
Macaroni and cheese! We gotta make this!
Oh, OK. Oh, sorry.
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Ross they're really, really, really white.
Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Come on, seriously.
Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
Great...
Hello? Oh, Pheebs! It's Phoebe!
Oh, yay...
Hi!
Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
That's right.
I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
How did that happen?
That yeti is one smooth talker.
Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Oh, you get used to it.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
God! What are you, in second grade?
Hey, now you're the one who wet his pants.
Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Chandler, I think I'm sick.
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Oh-ho, and mine!
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Who? Is that your sister?
We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places.
Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.
Ugh, she is a slut!
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. What?
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
What?! They wanted a scary story!
You tell her Jack, I can't do it.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
Oh that's right!
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Hexadrin.
Yes.
It's amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Oh, I love you Hexadrin! Oh look! It comes with a story!
Even with me?
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
We all chipped in.
Would you just open it?
Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
We did?
No you don't.
Fine! Be murky!
I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Okay.
Aw.
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
Huh!
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Yeah but I'm not keeping it.
No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
Oh you got a wedding dress? That's great!
Well then why can't I see it?
Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
That is the most ridiculous.
...Pheebs?
Oh, like that's a word.
Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
What happened to uh, MEG.?
That is so not my motto.
You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
Hey, is, is, is Chandler here?
No, no he's not.
What? So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
That was you?!
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Oh my God, they took my idea!
Yeah! Okay, here you go.
Phoebe, they didn't make you pay for those knives, did they?
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
No!
So-so there is no party.
And you're not gonna do that.
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
Oh, let's not tell this story.
Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.
Oh, come on!
What about the closeness?
What?! Why?!
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
Oh, hey! Oh good, you brought food!
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Hey!
No, it's just my luggage.
What!!?
What!?
You know what?
Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother.
You made it!
Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
You're there!
Alright, here you go, sweetie.
Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Ohhh, OK.
Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Oh.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Ok, they're coming, shhh.
Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
When did this happen?
Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Well, she saw the ring.
Did she freak out?
Right.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
Bobby.
Yeah, OK.
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
I made fun of his accent.
About a half an hour.
No.
How long have we been home?
Lovely!
Okay, wait, you gotta hang up 'cause we're gonna be late.
And! We also have speaker phone.
Please, stay on the line. Your call is important to us.
Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.
Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord.
Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!
I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
What do you mean?
I think it went into me.
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
I'm just easing you in.
Oh, alright.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
Oh my God!
I bet it was about her a little.
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
I want the little round waffles.
Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
Of course.
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here?
Oh, you're-you're going?
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
No!
We are not going to whistle.
Come on, do it.
Do it!
They've arrested Monica.
Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
What?
Hi.
I want a baby.
It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
Oh, that's funny!
Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
Yes!
Would it matter?
Sorry we're late.
I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
It's James Bond.
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Why did you hate me?
And that wasn't fun for you?
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Phoebe.
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
You want me to see a therapist?
Okay, fine.
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
They got a phone in there, right?
I know. Thanks.
Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.
Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
What's this?
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.
Isn't it cool! Varoom! Varoom!
Y'know which one was she again?
Mary-Angela.
Yeah.
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
Okay, bye.
And well, we probably shouldn't see each other anymore. I'm sorry.
Okay, yeah. I mean... If that's, if that's really what you want, okay.
I'm sorry things didn't work out...
Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Yeah!
Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time.
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
What?
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Hey!
What's wrong Mon?
Oh.
All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
No.
Really?
Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.
And could I get my ring back?
All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. Uh, just a second!
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Yeah.
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
Hi Chandler.
Hey!
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
You know more than one Fun Bobby?
It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
And where is your hat?
Ahh that's the 2 points.
What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Hey, did you get the turkey basted-Oh my God! Oh my God! Who is that?
It's Joey.
No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
But what?
She keeps punching me.
Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? She-she-she's hurting me.
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
What?
Oh I just miss him so much!
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
All right.
Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don't let her go without a fight!
All right. All right, I'm gonna do it!
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
Yeah, no, me neither.
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room could destroy you!!
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Bye! Thank God
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Ohh, I love birds.
Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Me too!
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
Alright we're back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven!
Yeah I can! And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha!
Well, you're not.
Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
Monica. You've, you've done it right?
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
Well, you know Chandler.
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
Well, somebody should.
I made you a surprise.
Hey baby.
Hey.
Oh yeah?
So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?
Used to work with her. Used to! I'm a relative and I didn't get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Stop saying, "Blood" to strangers.
We went to college with both of them and now we live next door.
This isn't mine. Hey, this isn't, this isn't my stuff! Ugh, Ross! These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
Oh, I don't know how that got in there.
Umm, your boxes are umm...
Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
That's my sister.
OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Pheebs, what about you?
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
So that's two of my wives.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
OK, try this salmon mousse.
Mmmm. Good.
It's creamier.
No! I'm not okay!
One-Mississippi! Two-Mississippi! Three-Mississippi!
I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn't.
Because they don't know we're dating. Do you think we should eat in the kitchen?
Why haven't you told them?!
Why haven't you told them?! Wouldn't they be happy?!
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Jody!
You were with Julie?
Oh. Oh my God.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Well?
Nope, not knocked up yet.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? She-she-she's hurting me.
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Pheebs, how's it going?
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
Hey, waiter.
Yeah?
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
Yeah, okay.
Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
I kissed Kathy.
Ohh, fun!
Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh?
Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.
Ohh, great!
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Dude, we were good!
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Okay!
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Okay!
Would you stop?
What? I-I said you had a-
What I said you had...
Oh, was I doing it again?
Of course not.
Yes!! Yes!! I'm the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.
Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre?
No.
Okay, Joey's gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Yeah.
What's block?
Break.
Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
I thought you meant in life.
The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice.
Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Well, I-I might've said supergay.
You totally screwed him over.
Because, Monica, the guy's so good, and I really, really want this part.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Mon?
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
I'm so glad you liked it.
It's so good. Oh, thanks.
Good.
Oh!
Sometimes we were.
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
NOOOO!!!!!!!!
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!
Can I help you?
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Oh my God, it was incredible.
Hey.
Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?
Didn't it like totally speak to you?
Sperm.
To the bank.
Sperm or regular?
So you're really doing this, huh?
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Count for what?
Pretty much.
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
All right.
Why would you do that?
What?!
I'm the ruptured spleen.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
Keep talking.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
Why would we do that?
Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
So have you called her yet?
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.
Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
Two pounds of Moca Java please.
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Ooh, and I can do this.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
I know, I can do this.
We can't do that.
She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Flexible hours.
Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
He took my joke, he took it.
I know, but look at me all tan.
Oh, here's a great one.
Yeah, I'm not in that.
Hey, why don't you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
Ross, just forget about it. This guy's got you totally wedged in.
Surprise!!!
Okay, forward. Forward-Stop! Okay, back-Stop! Okay, forward-Stop! Stop! Stop!
Is this yours?
We're gonna see each other naked.
Wow! You are really fast!
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Yep!
Your favorite!
Honey! Dinner's ready!
What's my little chef got for me tonight?
Ho-ho-ho, fried stuff with cheese!
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Have you seen Chandler?
No. Why?
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.
Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns.
I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.
Woah, woah, woah, uh, no Shannon Cooper.
Soakin' up all the culture.
Oh, I love museums!
Umm.
Yeah.
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
I will.
Do you want me to call?
What is your job?
Oh, really?!
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Oh, you go out with him.
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
This is so much fun!
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Absolutely! Absolutely!
This is not fun!
This isn't even my dress.
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
Yeah, I think we are.
Well, at least you didn't rent yours from a store called, "It's Not Too Late."
How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
No.
I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. Smile!
Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? Guys?
Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
Okay!
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Oh, yay. Ok about that two.
You really ok with it?
Oh honey, I'm fine.
What? Alright, what about my two?
Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you're with me.
Okay, I gotta go.
Okay, I feel like I'm talking to Lassie. All right, Phoebe would you just tell me!
I can't!!
I, but you're so close! No!
Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
My marriage is over.
What?!
Here.
All right? What's going on?
Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? Guys?
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
I could do that.
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Two!
One!
Two!
Three!
How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I'll make you a nice martini.
Actually, I don't like martinis.
Ooh, yum!
Nice.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Yeah. Well see ya upstairs. See ya pals.
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
I know what it did! Nothing.
Like this.
What are you talking about?
What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Come on! Chandler!
Yeah. And y'know, if you wanna cry, that's okay too.
Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
You know!
It is not over! You're over!
What?
Okay. Good one.
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
This isn't how it's supposed to go, there can't be another guy.
Well...
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
And this goes for all guys?
Well that's pathetic!
Again true.
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
Dr. Miller? P E C F D.
Very good Monica! You know where they are.
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
Whoa whoa whoa! Where're you goin'?
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
Some would say she's attractive, yes.
Joey!!
So she's a woman! So what?
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Yeah, my neighbor... Yeah, the brunette... She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
I can't believe this!
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
Screw it! I'm having one.
All right, umm, we're not gonna really keep it this way though.
Yeah, it's for our catering business!
I think I know that girl.
No?
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
You are?
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
What?!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
We have got to wash that!
Yeah!
You have done enough!
I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
I had one.
Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Frozen lasagnas?
What? You bet I'd lose a nail?
Oh no, don't be silly. I just bet I'd need these.
Um-hmm.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
What did he say?
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
I'm not all right.
We're, we're just gonna get a little sip of water.
Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
I'll be right back.
Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Janice is gonna go away now.
Oh, Joey, look who it is.
Oh, from who?
Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
Yeah.
From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Oh, from who?
From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
Hide the Lamp.
Monica, let it go.
Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Guys, we bought the tickets.
Me neither.
Me too.
Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next.
Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Mr. Treeger.
No. See you don't understand.
No forget it, I'm not gonna tell you now.
No come on. Come on tell me.
Come on.
Ow!!
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
I won't give you anything, but you'll owe me 2.95.
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
Hey, how much will you give me to eat this whole jar of olives?
Done.
Hey, aren't you up next?
It's so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
Thank you guys-guys-guys...
Oh no, I'm not playing tonight.
Huh, wanna bet?
You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we're gonna destroy you.
Well, I'm so confused as to what we've been doing so far...
Um-hmm.
See, that's why we don't let her play.
Is everything all right?
Uh-oh.
No, seriously.
Oh, how'd that happen?
Because I'm cooler.
Well she's, she's the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious.
I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second!
The park huh? A public place.
Uh-huh.
Hi Chandler.
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
Glass, sand, whatever.
Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Oh, I can still do that.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
What did I tell you about the hall?!
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
Great.
Hey, you guys.
It's coming from the living room.
I finished my book.
Hey.
All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
Well, tonight was-was going to be my first time.
With Roger? Not just with Roger?! Oh my God!
Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Hey, here's a thought.
Monica, what are you talking about?
Ahh, third base.
I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
Pete's breaking up with me.
What?!
And?
Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
I don't know.
There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Ross will do it.
Are you scared?
No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Chandler.
I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
I do?
Okay.
So how was Joan?
That's not bad.
Hey.
I broke up with her.
Chandler!
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Nah that's okay. I'm just doing this to put myself through medical school.
Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
He could hear me.
OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Excuse me. Hi.
Well, thanks anyway.
So what'd he say?
Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
Oh, that's okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.
Hi, pig!
Sorry I ah, I scared you in there.
Yeah.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
And that's Pete's Mom.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Relieved?
I'm, I'm really sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.
Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
I love you too.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
Uh, I get Leslie out of the coma and then we make out.
Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Hey Erica, c'mon in.
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Hey-hey, I'm not judging.
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
Ow!
I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.
Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.
Really?! Well, it's just like everyone else's apartment. It's got rooms, walls, and ceilings.
Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
Okay.
You're not supposed to look!
No, our guy is just a floating head.
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
Okay.
Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw...
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
They kept your room for a while.
Come on, you know they love you.
I'm outta here.
Oh!
Ow!
Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
You broke a little girl's leg?!!
I was shrieking... like a Marine.
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
Now calm down Joey.
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
Need some help?
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.
Give me that.
You wanna get out of my face?
Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
OK.
No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
College?
Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
What?
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
Guys guys, check this out.
Excellent.
Ohhh.
What took you so long?
Well...
Get out!
I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
All right!
Here it is! Here it is!
It's a four.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
Right here!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
What? I didn't say anything.
Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
And Mindy, your maid of...?
Barry who you almost...?
Barry who I almost.
Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
Fair enough, now go get ready!
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Okay.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
And where is your hat?
Worked like a charm.
Okay, if you really wanna have sex...
Okay!
Hi!
Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
Congratulations! Wow! I can't believe you're nominated for an Emmy!
No-no.
No! I'm up for a Soapie!
That's because I'm in front of them.
This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Nope.
Eh. I thought that was an alp.
How does she do that?
Joey, uh- OMnipotent.
You are? Ross, I'm sorry..
I cannot sleep in a public place.
Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone.
Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?
That - that's an idea.
Oh?
Nothing, I don't know.
Hey!
How was the beach?
What happened?
We'll be right there! Can't you just say it starts later?
It's Danny.
Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.
What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!
I'm so glad you liked them!
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!
Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Well, thanks anyway.
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
The Bible?!
Rachel, get the book! The book!
Okay! Okay! Here!
I don't know!
Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...
Well then we'll get wet.
Pheebs?
You really think this is okay?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
My Giant? I love that movie!
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now.
Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
I'll see you after work sweetie.
The only problem!
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
There was nudity!
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking.
And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't.
Is this true?
Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me.
And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard.
Duh-huh!
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
And that wasn't fun for you?
I can't believe you hated me.
Why? 'Cause otherwise you'd go for it?
Are you serious? Oh my God.
Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
Yeah, maybe.
Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Whoa!
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Wait! Okay!
Oh my God!
Sorry, Pheebs.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
Yeah. You okay?
Regular or decaf?
Oh, what'd ya bring me?! Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
Yeah, sure, that'd be great.
Ah, which ever is closest.
Y'know, there's a Starbucks about three blocks down.
No.
Electrifying. Emphatic time-time-time...
It's so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
No.
Mm-hmm.
Wh- are you welling up?
You are, you're welling up.
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.
Is your tongue swelling up?
Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
Is he gonna be ok?
Come on eight.
Ready?
Ready!
Yes, yes eight.
Y'know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!
Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
It's okay, I got a plan.
What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
What's a virgin?
Water it is.
You mean the spitter?
I miss Rachel. No, my parents.
Okay, great! Bye. So guess who's coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
Sydney Portier? Hehheh.
Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
Why do you care so much anyway?
I don't get this! She was horrible!
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
What!?
What?
You know what?
You know what?
Are you saying I smell bad?
I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!
No! No, you smell like a meadow. I'm sorry.
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
Ohh.
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
What is it?
Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
What kinda stuff?
Great, now he's waving back.
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.
No, just a salad will be fine.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Are you crazy?!
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
No.
Please, have some!
Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Ooh!
Oh, yumm!
Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.
So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome.
So, uh, how's she doing?
No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
Oh, why?
Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.
Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. What?
What should I wear, now I'm all nervous.
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
What, he's 18.
I so wanna be attracted to you.
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Oh, yeah. I know that.
But you're not. Okay, good.
Does it have to do with Joey?
Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
No.
No.
Sweety, what are you talking about?
Well, umm, my Mom's friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.
I found a dried up seashores.
Oh, my new Mom, who-who's a big, fat abandoner!
You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Ohh, that is soo sad.
Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....
Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
All right! Let's do it!
Well...I'd better get going.
Yep, yep...You?
Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.
Oh yea yea, absolutely.
I make the decisions, and I say no.
What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Take care.
Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he?
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Okay great!
Yeah!
Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Nooo!
The green dress? Really?
Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Hey. Got a second?
I think so too.
That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
It's a four.
Oh well, lost again. That's it! You and me, outside!
We should go.
Or maybe, it's because you're hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday.
Yeah let's head off to work.
Thank you.
A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, okay?
It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?
So?
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Yeah, me, too, technically.
I had a wedding.
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
I thought she just had one.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
Ya know, she's having another baby.
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.
No, no, there's no rush or anything.
Pizza delivery.
Rach.
Okay. Here's the thing.
Easy Lenny.
So? I mean have you thought about it?
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Okay, I love you.
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
I was just leaving.
Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
Pheebs, what are you doing?
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
What did you get?
Credit.
Hi.
It is not over! You're over!
Then you go to Tokyo.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
What?
Why?
But I didn't.
Well, you should have.
Because!
I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
That's not possible!
Ow!
Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. Okay, here goes. How you a-doin'? It worked! She's waving me over. Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
Tell me about it, huh? Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! Ewwuck!
All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Not fun anymore?
I'm still hungry!
I am!
Oh hi! Hi! Y'know, we were just talking about bacon.
Good! Good! I was just testing you.
Hi.
No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Hey!
Hey!
I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
It's coming from the living room.
That's right. Did you hear something?
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
I finished my book.
How many?
All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
Nine.
Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
You two were married?!
Oh! Whoops! I'm sorry, you were talking about Emily!
We said seven!
I know! I know.
Really?
Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready...
Okay.
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Hi!
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
Well when can we have this shower?
I'll get it! Happy Thanksgiving!
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Not for me. Chip and I broke up!
She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Hey, guys.
Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto.
Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele!
Hey.
Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
What?
What are you talking about?
Alright.
Only if you say his full name.
Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
You're getting a cat?
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
You know Paul?
How do you do that?
Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So? Who?
Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
...I can imagine.
That sounds like Nana.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
...I can imagine.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Tell her what?
OK, try this salmon mousse.
I can't stand this! He's got his claws in my...
Alright...
Mmmm. Good.
This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Oh!
We have got to start locking that door!
Nope.
No-no. Nothing wrong about that.
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.
Oh.
Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
No-no. Nothing wrong about that.
Oh.
Huh!
You're not a senior?
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Ok...ay.
You're not a senior?
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Did you go home and change?
Hey.
Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
You had a salad.
We were shopping, and we had lunch.
Oh, all right. What did I have?
Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.
Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
Well put it back.
Did you just break the radiator?
No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
It uhh, it won't go back.
What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
What about me?
I think you may have a drinking problem.
Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
All right, you!
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.
Hi.
How's it going?
Fine, whatever.
You sold me out.
Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
That is the most ridiculous.
I did not sell you out.
Yes you did. Absolutely.
You sold me out.
I did not sell you out.
Would you let me talk.
Did you just flick me?
Yes you did. Absolutely.
Would you let me talk.
OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt
Quit flicking
Did you just flick me?
OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt
Ow, you stop flicking.
You flicked me first.
Quit flicking
Ow, you stop flicking.
OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.
Ow. Ow. Ow.
You flicked me first.
OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Uh-huh.
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
OK.
Oh... shoot.
Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.
Take care.
But no. Maybe if I were baking.
No no no no.
Impressive.
Bye-bye.
Great.
Ross, your little creatures got the remote again.
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Relax, I'll fix it.
Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
You got it.
Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.
Uh-huh. Is it dirty?
They'r alright.
Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Are they, uh, firm?
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
Ok, here, watch this.
Alright, you wanna feel better?
Yeah.
It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.
What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
I don't know.
That's what you said last night.
Okay.
What's fish hooking?
So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
Please tell me you're stopping now.
Oh!
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
My brother, Ross.
Hey!
Hi, Joey.
Hey.
I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
But we've only had one job.
Yeah! What are you saying?
I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro's.
I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
Yeah! What are you saying?
What?
Phoebe, wait a minute!
All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
For what? I can't believe this! I gotta get out of here.
I'm an assistant buyer!!
Fine!
You did a minute ago!
Well, I don't know what to tell ya!
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
This is so much fun!
This is not fun!
Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-
Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Monica, you don't even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!
What do you say?
Yeah, what, do you think we're stupid?
You're not stupid. You're meaner than I thought.
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Have you even had a girl up here?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
You're bachelor pad?!
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
That's too hard. Too hard!
Or I'll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
All right, so what do you say?
Or you could end up with everything.
Ooh, I like that.
No!
Oh, just do it!!
All right, so what do you say?
No!
Op, op, I'm convinced!
Bye.
Yeah.
Bye.
Bye.
The baby shower for Phoebe!
Oh-whoa, what party?
Well umm...
Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don't want to do! Later!
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?
He just said, "No strippers."
Oh, I chose not to hear that.
Little village people.
Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite.
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?
Little village people.
Oh, that is so sweet!
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Oh, she's gonna love that!
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Hi Phoebe.
Hi, guys.
Hi! Phoebe.
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
...hormones, yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet.
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Here's your tea Phoebe.
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!
It's so good. Oh, thanks.
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Oh my God!
Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Rachel, get the book! The book!
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Okay! Okay! Here!
How do you feel?
Hey-ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Some moms do that.
Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Some moms do that.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Yeah, okay.
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
What a baby.
Total wuss!
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
Who are you saying "check" too?
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Yep! You got the tickets?
Hey!
Hey! Are you ready yet?
Oh! Got 'em right here, check!
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Ohh!!
There it is.
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
Because, I can't! Ross, I told you, no. I can't.
This is my wedding.
Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
Chicken Kiev?
Sorry.
Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Chicken Kiev?
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It's nice.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
Oh. Oh.
They tore it down a few days early.
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
What? What?
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Oh, god... She's told you that already, didn't she?!
Oh, god... She's told you that already, didn't she?!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
Oh. Oh.
Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Hey!
Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
She said that?!
Wait up!
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Yeah.
Why?!
She said that?!
Yeah.
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
Excuse me?
I don't know. A month?
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
I don't know. A month?
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
You'll see.
Wait, well, where did you get it from?!
Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
Oh God.
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Jack, that's what they call the subway.
Ohh, I thought that you....
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Sir?
And I'm going to go get drunk.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Ooh, Jack.... Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be.
Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. Hi.
I was laughing.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
Out loud?
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
So how are you doing?
I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
Well, thanks, we like him.
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him.
Then why would he say it?
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Hi, I'm back. Listen, I need to...
Do you think he knew I was here?
Yeah you are!!
Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
Ohhh.
Nope.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Yep, yep...You?
Nope.
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You? We did you.
Could you not look?
Well...I'd better get going.
Oh yea yea, absolutely.
I don't want to look.
Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.
Oh my God! It's like a fairyland.
I know, it's horrible isn't it?
I just hope...
You can let some of them go by!
Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.
I just hope...
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
You can let some of them go by!
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
Okay.
What were we thinking?
Stupid.
Totally crazy stupid.
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Seven times!
In a foreign, romantic country...
Okay. I-I can't watch.
Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Yeah, I-I don't care.
What 'cha readin'?
I think you're better than you think you are.
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Really? Okay, so...
Uh-huh, that one!
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
Uh-huh, that one!
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
Why aren't you guys at the movie?
Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs.
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Count for what?
I guess I'm done.
So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
This is all of your things.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
Oh, Larry.
He thought you said gonad.
Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.
Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?
Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.
Okay.
I'll check the kitchen floors.
Yum-my!
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Then, you will definitely get him back!
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
Yeah!
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Howdy partner!
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
I know, I can do this.
What was that?
Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.
Come on honey, let's go drink our body weight.
What?
Hey, I thought you already had one.
Really?
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Okay. Umm...
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Okay great!
Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Yeah!
Rach? What are you doing?
Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
I wanna say good-bye at the car!
Bye you guys!
Bye-bye!
Okay!
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
No that made me feel precious.
Yeah? Sometimes it's...
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Really?
But again, Simmons. Go on.
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
I got you a present!
Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Huh.
Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Do you want me to pick you?!
Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Can I finish my story?!
See, I would never snap at you like that.
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids.
That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here.
I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
How many?
Nine.
Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
No. He's not a horrible guy.
I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
Chandler, I'm gonna die a virgin!
No. He's not a horrible guy.
Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
Chandler, I'm gonna die a virgin!
No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Okay.
I was kidding.
Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
Okay.
So was I.
No! Oyster?
Come, come here.
We can't do this.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
No! Oyster?
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
I do like that.
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
I do like that.
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
I know! I'll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
That's the couch.
Oh my God!
Oh, okay!
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
Hey, check me out, I'm a slut!
So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
I'm just so excited to make the presents! Shoot!
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
What?
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
So it's okay to date a student.
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
Oh, I like Elizabeth.
I don't know Rachel, why?
Well, y'know it's just been so long since I've been to Chuckie Cheese.
Well thanks!
Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?
Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Hmm.
Oh.
Phyllis sees what I'm doing.
Oh.
I see what you're doing!
Oh-oh.
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
We said six!
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Hi!
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
What? That's impossible.
46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Does that mean Carcass is available?
Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
How?
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Okay, that we may be able to do.
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Phoebe, he's gotta be in the room for that to work.
What are you guys talking about?
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Oh crap!
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Don't come in here!
Probably around gonorrhea.
Hi, honey! I'm home!
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
No! We only mess around at his place!
Don't come in here!
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
No! We only mess around at his place!
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
Oh you got a wedding dress? That's great!
Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can't like it.
Yeah but I'm not keeping it.
Well then why can't I see it?
Okay I promise. I'll-I'll hate it. Wow! You-you look...hideous.
Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Okay!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
All right? What's going on?
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
Honey? Is that something you're making up?
Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
No! I'm up for a Soapie!
No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
Okay, I'll go!
Many are scheduled to appear.
Oh my God! Oh my God! I can't go! I'm gonna be too nervous!
No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
Really? My God, he's really cute.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Go for it.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
Really? My God, he's really cute.
Go for it.
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Well you should be embarrassed.
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Ah.
Oh hey!
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
And did he?
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
You sound like a guy.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
All right. Bye.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
I miss you already!!
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
I miss you already!!
I miss you too!!!!
Oh totally! Pull my finger.
Have you seen Chandler?
I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
I know! It's awful. I love you.
No. Why?
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
No that is the last thing you want to do!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Why?
Because you're marrying him!
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Your mother told you this?
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Yes!
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Your mother told you this?
Yes!
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Absolutely.
Y-y-yeah! Yeah you do.
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
Kinda. They're really big.
What kinda things have you been saying?
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.
