Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.
So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
You're our age!
So ah, we on for tomorrow?
Yeah, kinda.
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
Ugh!
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Well, what am I going to say?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
Oh my God.
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
I don't know. A month?
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
Wooo!! Hoo!!
Okay quick, help me get this off!
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
Yeah!
Okay.
Aww!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Sure!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Hey!
Hey! What's up?
I bet I stopped listening before you did.
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
I miss you already!!
I miss you too!!!!
Oh totally! Pull my finger.
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
He took off?
Go on! Go on.
Chandler?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
I'll see you after work sweetie.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Bye! See you later!
Fun Bobby is so great.
Half full of looooovvvvve.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
I love you too.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Not any more!
Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
Help!
Where have you been?
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
You want his yearbook?
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
It's really not that big!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
So this is Brooklyn.
Okay.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
All right, you!
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh my god.
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Why?
Because!
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Hey!
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
I think that's fair.
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Yeah, me too!
Oh, look at that.
What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
It's Hexadrin.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Oh.
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh, good. Thanks.
Now what is Fabutec?
Waxine!!
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
You had no relationship!!
No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
What?
Oh honey, but it is just about...
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Woo-yay!!
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
What was that?
Monica knows.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
Ok honey, you really need a job.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
You love her!
What-what is love really?
I am a good kisser.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
What are you going to make?
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
I was frustrated with you!
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever.
She is a kook.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
Gotcha.
Oh, you bet I am!
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad.
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, we certainly are alone.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Right.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, we certainly are alone.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Right.
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
And you're still not attracted to him at all?
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Okay!
I have.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
Oh, you go out with him.
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Really?
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Hey, how'd the interview go?
So don't do it.
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Oh!
No.
Oh.
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Chicken Kiev?
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
You know!
Okay. Good one.
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Floopy?
Yeah.
Oh, like that's a word.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
What Richard thing?
Simmons! Go with Simmons!
I'm not mad.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
You sound like a guy.
You'll have a last kiss.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
That was pretty 007.
Hey.
Yeah, they're not coming.
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Aww, I love you so...
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
No.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
Hi, remember us?
Mmm hmmm.
You're that stupid.
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
BEND OVER?!!!
...and then Zana, just let one rip!!
You know where I work!
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Ohhh!
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Blow drying what, you have no hair.
What's goin' on?
Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
This is the most special day of our lives.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
I'm not arguing with that.
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
It's your joke.
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
It's okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica.
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
How's it going?
Ooh!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Monica! Hi honey.
All right, on the table.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Yeah, I heard it.
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Ok, so let's talk money.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
Have you ever seen so much crap?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
You mean like exclusive friends?
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Hey!
Hey, how'd it go?
Mon! I'm so happy for you!
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
I'm just easing you in.
Oh, alright.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Have you found your dress yet?
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
Oh, thanks for the tip.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
Hi!
Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
Hey, I went up.
What?
Do what?
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
Yeah.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
What?!
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Yeah baby! No baby!
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Sure.
Yeah, I do think it's better this way. Yeah, we're being smart. Yes, I'm sure.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Yeah, someplace nice. How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Okay.
Are you all right?
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
I know I couldn't. So....
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
No, my first fan mail.
Alright!
Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Hm-mmm.
Oh, yeah, good idea.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
What does it look like? I'm going home.
Come on! I was there! I know he's the love of your life.
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
I said name one!
I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Great!
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Mon?
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Nobody wants to do it? All right, I'll do it myself.
Monica! I'm not gonna screw it up!
Well of course that is what I'm here for!
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Looking up?
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
This woman's living my life.
What?
You're not an artist.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Are you crazy?!
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
No.
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Jody!
You were with Julie?
Oh. Oh my God.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Well, you seem fine.
You mean like exclusive friends?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Yay!
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
The Empty Vase. Translucent beauty...
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Electrical plans for the building.
Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?
Wow! If only more people knew.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
What a baby.
Total wuss!
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
He's fine!
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Oh, yeah. Wasn't that like a year ago?
Oh, yeah. I know that.
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Yes!!! Oh!!
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
What?
Are you serious?
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence...
No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
I'm gonna do it.
But I...
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Can't hear you!
No ma'am.
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
What?!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
Are you okay?
Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
I bet he can.
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
What?! We can't do that!
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Okay.
Okay! So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
And also, my birthday.
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
What are you talking about? What wedding?
Come on, like you never talk that.
Afraid to ask him?
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Umm, can we see you ride it?
Okay. See?
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Because the kids need new shoes.
This will just be my batch.
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Big time!
Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Oh, look, wish me luck!
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Ok, then just go.
Ok.
Sure.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Because we can remember them.
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
Yeah?
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Sure.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
What check thing?
Pete Becker. Pete... Is this him?
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
...And then he burst into flames.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
Well, then can we meet him?
Nope. Schhorry.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Really?
Sorry.
Who?
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Yeah!
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Like an eclipse.
So when people complement me on my cooking should I, what do I say?
Ew, this feels very weird.
I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
2 hours, 27 minutes.
Really?!
Hey Rach!
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
How do you mean?
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
God! What are you, in second grade?
Hey, now you're the one who wet his pants.
Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
What?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Well it didn't!
What?!
Okay, that we may be able to do.
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... twenty dollars an hour.
Twelve dollars an hour.
Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Done.
Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Oh, don't you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
Monica, what are you doing?
I guess it was kinda funny.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
In the game room!
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Hey.
Hey.
Ehh.
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Yeah, get out!
One more game?
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Okay, come here!
Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled...
Bye.
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Who's Mr. Girabaldi?
Does it matter?!
Yeah o-okay, but I'm just doing this for you.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Yes!
What thing?
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Ohhh!
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
How-how did that happen?
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
Come on.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
No way. No way did you do this.
Monana was very brave.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
"You have two new messages."
Wow, what a cool job. 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy.
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
I'm marrying her.
We'll just see.
Oh my God! This is it! I really hope it's you!
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Doesn't matter.
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Look, you and I went to different high schools...
Okay, that doesn't help me, because we went to the same high school.
They had to have that specially made?!
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Isn't he good?
Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
That, that's what's stupid.
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Well, yeah actually.
I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Yeah.
All right. I think it was a mouse.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
OK, tip the man.
Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
In a bad way?
Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
What?
You've got panties stuck to your leg.
It's good to see you.
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
But we're not ready to tell yet!
Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
Okay, I'm hearing.
What?!
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
OK, OK, don't get all squinky.
Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Hey!
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you're really sarcastic, or that, y'know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
What? What? Why?!
Is this why they don't like me or why you don't like me?
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
Okay.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Well if you want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
What are you gonna do? You're gonna fire me?
No.
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Whoa-ho-ho! Yeah, okay.
Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
Is it dry in here?
Let me, let me get you some wine!
Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
Yes!
Would it matter?
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
For camp!
Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
We're switching rooms.
Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Hey-hey are you drunk?
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
...I can imagine.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Tell her what?
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
What a wank!
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
All right. Bye.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
I miss you already!!
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Oh, it's not the ideal way...
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
There's gravy?
What are you doing?
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! I know! How bad is this?!
Have you seen Chandler?!
No! Why?
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Ooh! Brian's Song!
The meeting with the guy went great?
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Yeah well unless we tell him.
Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Oh. Thanks.
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
You're Lewis Posin.
Who?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
Really?
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Water! Water! Water!
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
What are you doing?
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Hello? What?! You what?! Hey you listen here missy! Wh-
What?!
Does that mean Carcass is available?
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Well, he's very charming.
Well, you're just gonna have to try.
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
But I...
It is? Really?
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
Oh, fine! Take his side!
Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname?
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
Well.... it is amouz-ing...
Ten dollars an hour for what?
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Well, I did not know that.
It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Mmmm! It's good!
Really? How good?
Mmm.
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
It's that terrible?
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
I love you too.
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Wow!
Do we have to?
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
You get your messages!
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
That's not funny.
Well that's not true.
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
She lets you borrow them.
Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
What else?
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
Well, what's the job?
Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
Is Tony Randall dead?
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Well, those were seals, man.
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Why?
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Where? Ooh, come to Momma.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
No.
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
I don't like your massages.
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
It's for their own good.
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
If it's not a right angle, it is a wrong angle.
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
Yeah!
With what?
Oo! You should have one of us do it!
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Oh.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Well, get it off now!
I can't! It-it's stuck!
All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Who was it?
I don't know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez!
Sure!
Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
But, you, you don't want to seem too pushy.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Uh-huh.
Look I want you, now.
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
I am a good kisser.
Is that the heartbeat?
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
Why?
But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?
I, I don't have it.
Nobody does honey.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
And where is your hat?
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
I made fun of his accent.
No.
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Nooo!
No-no-no-no, we're done.
Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
Hi.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
What are you smiling at?
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
What?
Why?
Hey!
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
I bet it was about her a little.
Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Oh my God.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Oh my God.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
What's the other one?
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
I can't believe she's married.
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
What?!
I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Well if you go to Disneyland, you don't spend the whole day on the Materhorn.
Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Oo, toes!! Well, for some people.
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Two girls and a boy?
Yeah!
Sure! But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
She's right y'know.
Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
I didn't think I was!
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Really?
I think I do! Thank you, Monica.
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Nothing.
Oh, maybe that's it.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Hey, I went up.
Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
What?
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Where can I wash up?
Thank you.
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
Okay, I'm hearing.
What?!
So, did you do it?
What?!
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Okay, what's going on with you?
Okay. Umm...
Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Nothing! You go!
Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Oh.
Sure, I'll do it with ya.
They're still in my coat.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Damn!
Yeah! She's right in there!
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Oh great. Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
What are you doing?
Uh-huh, yeah!
Oh, thanks.
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Hey.
Joey-
Ah! Huh?
Hey.
Would it really have been that easy?
So-so you would've just lied?
Yes!!
Yes!!!
That is so funny. Let me see that.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
Are you ok, Ross?
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Tho?
Ohhh.
Ok.
Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Hey, you feelin' better?
So, do you have any other possibilities?
What?
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
Yeah, thanks. You know what?
Then I won't have to kill you.
So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?
What?
You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
Okay, y'know what? Maybe I should go!
No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!
It is the softest hair! Touch it!
If you want, I'll do it.
That's... that's classic.
Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
Mom, I'm hungry.
See, he's her lobster.
Dance with him.
Dance with your father.
I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Yes, but for the last time.
So, wait, you really did like my cookies?
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.
No really, they're OK.
They'r alright.
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
They're green?
What's the game?! What's the game?!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Good! Good! Five points!
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
No. No, you're not a loser.
Look at me!
Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Happy Anniversary, 10 months!
Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there.
You still want to move in together right?
Yeah, no, me neither.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Of course!
Hi!
Lucky sixes....
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
And Joey....
Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.
I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We're not 13 anymore.
But, won't she notice I have makeup on?
What did I tell you about the hall?!
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah.
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
I didn't know Playboy prints jokes.
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Here, check it out. It's the first one, too.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
You sound like a guy.
You'll have a last kiss.
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
Unless...
What?
Yeah, I'd really like that.
Mmm.
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
Yeah, isn't that great?
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
What is it?! What about Pete?
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
No!
I don't know!
But we can go, right?
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Yes.
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Right here!
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Dying people say the craziest things.
Break my heart-Oh, all right.
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
Yeah! Right!
WHAT IS IT?!
Yes. Absolutely. A quality.
I heard that!
Pulling what? It's second down.
Okay, it's second down. Take all the second downs you need.
Well, I said it loud.
Why, how much is that?
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
That's about 60 cents.
Not one that can pee on the roof.
What's this?
That's a dog, every house should have a dog.
Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
What are you doing here? You can't be here!
Oh, that is better.
Are we in London?
I've uh, I've come to talk to Ross.
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
What's hard to believe?
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
But I...
Okay, just get a lot better. Fast.
You didn't know that already?
Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.
Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Hey.
Hey! How long until Pete's fight?
Hot dog?
Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
What?!
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Okay.
Yeah!
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
Come on, play that funky music white boy.
No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in-No, yeah, okay.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Oh.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Can't hear you!
No ma'am.
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Please, can't you help me out?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
You need to give him money.
I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir.
Is this because of the burrito thing?
Give him money? It was a joke!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
No, only because that's the graduation song.
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Yeah, there's one right under the cabinet.
Hey!
Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
Thanks.
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
I'm crying here!!
Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Nah... not-not special enough.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
There's gravy?
What are you doing?
How'd it go?
Oh!... Right!
Hey Rach!
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Phoebe moved out.
Right.
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
Cassie needs to stay at your place.
What-why?
What?! Chandler she's our cousin!
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Hi!
What's up?!
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Yes!
Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
He finally asked you out?
Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Well, you know Chandler.
Maybe you changed?
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!
Okay.
So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
I cannot push it in!
Really?!
No. Why?
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
Huddle up.
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
Wow! Just like in the pros.
All right, huddle up, right over here.
Rachel said everything was okay.
What?
Nothing, nothing.
What, what are they talking about?
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore!
Woooo!!!
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
You do?!
Eh, you work for that.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
No, she's out shopping.
Hey.
Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Damn!
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Me too!
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Yeah, we really do!
Okay.
Y'know, we don't have to imagine.
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Why?
I have my reasons.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?
Wow, this really sucks.
Yeah, it sure does.
No, no, there's no rush or anything.
You look cute in bubbles.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Ehh, you're just liquored up.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Bye!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
-leg?
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
That I was not expecting.
Oh. Thanks.
Hi, nice to meet you!
Hey Bing! Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Hi! And this is my wife Kara.
There you go!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
"...by doin' it."
Ross, the heat!
Rach, get the heat. Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
Are you serious? Oh my God.
Um, coffee to go, please.
Isabella Rosselini.
Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
Joey, what are you doing?! It's never gonna happen, she's seeing somebody.
Oh!
And I ah, borrowed some of your cologne. I hope she likes it.
Yeah, and I don't have any cologne.
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
I don't gossip!
Hey, what's going on?
No, I was ten. I just developed early.
Man alive!
Hey!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
No, look, don't touch that!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Oh! Yeah!
Just go get some! Go!
Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
At this?!
Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
Okay, okay, what's going on?
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
No more jam?!
Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Well, your gonna need much bigger jars.
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
Let us keep the apartment and...
Totally worth it!
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Okay. We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Why?
Ohh, so?
We'd be eating our soup right now.
I don't know.
Richard used to do it, didn't he?
Mustached bastard...
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
I'm, I'm really sorry.
I understand.
Wow.
Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.
Oh my god, what were you thinking?
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...
All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Oh my God! I love him!
About what?
He's planning your birthday party.
You'd better act surprised.
My surprise party!
You'd better act surprised.
About what?
What surprise party?
Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
My surprise party!
What surprise party?
Well, he didn't tell me.
So what are you gonna be?
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Woo-woo!
I can't believe you did that!
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Oh.
Yeah, um, may we help you?
No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
This hummus is great.
God bless the chickpea.
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
Thank y...
Girls, sit down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.
Okay, I'm not getting this!
She could be you.
Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...
I'm totally getting it!
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Really?
Sorry.
Who?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
What's with all the bottles of liquor?
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Oh God, even his knock is boring.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Normally, I would not do it.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Then what's the problem?
Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.
I did do it, I'm a professional.
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
I can't believe she's married.
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
Yeah.
All right then.
Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Are you gonna let me play?
The game is over, we eat now?
He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.
Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Isn't that great?
Hi.
Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
How would that go? Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.
Mine? Right here?
I can write an epic poem about this lip.
You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........
Tomorrow night.
Oh, there's no such thing as an innocent burger.
So, are you gonna see him again?
Monica, what are you doing?
So what did you do today Pete?
Okay.
So ask me what I did today.
I bought a restaurant and I would like you to be the head chef.
Joey, you had the night!
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
What?
Aww, thank you.
Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it's like a law!
Allll done!
Okay, who's next?!
Will you stop!
Gin.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Okay. All right.
Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
The players.
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
I don't know sweetie.
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
No! Help me!
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ohh! Hi!
Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Well...
Havin' some trouble?
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Great!
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Wait, wait, wait!
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time!
Nice try.
Look, Monica...
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Okay!
Okay! Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! Yes!
Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
Yep, we wanna get married!
Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! I'm your hand twin!!
Hello! One marriage please!
Well, there's a service in progress. Have a seat.
How'd the lecture go?
Hey!
Hey!
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Who the hell are you?!
Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.
Hey Mon! Hey Chann! Just gettin' a soda!
I'm Joey! How are you doin'?!
Ross!!
I'm Irish.
And the Irish guy wins the joke!
Ross!
No, it's more like a good luck.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
That's sweet.
So uh, what did this woman look like?
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
She was a welder.
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
It's not Christmas!
But my clothes are-ohh!
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Wow, you look...
Yeah, it's great.
Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?
Whoa-whoa, what's the matter?! Talk to the captain!
Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Okay.
Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
Oh yeah.
Whoa, I'm not done.
So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Oh, can I borrow this? My milk's gone bad.
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
Oh, really.
What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Would you excuse me for a second?
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
You're not just saying that are you?
Really!
Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.
No, the man is a mess.
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Really?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah?
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Yeah, that's what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
Na-uh! Hey did anybody lose their keys?
There's a lost and found? My shoe!
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Joey!!
Yeah?
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
It's an expression.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
Well, what's the job?
Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
Is Tony Randall dead?
Hi.
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Yeah. He could row like a viking.
Mmm.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
I got it!
Okay, we're gonna need a distraction.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
Yes!
It's all very, very good. So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
What's the charity?
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
I don't know, something either trees or disease-Ralph mumbles a lot.
Oh dad, really you don't need to...
I remember when we first got engaged.
Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
Well, I'd gotten Judy pregnant. I still don't know that happened.
No she hasn't.
Oh Joey!
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
That's right.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
Ooh, steer clear of you.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Wow! It's like Rachel in High School.
Is everything okay?
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
What?!!
What?!
No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
I'll be waiting.
Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something.
There's only one.
Monica.
Rachel. Hey.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
OK.
Ross kissed me.
It was unbelievable!
Light still out?
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Yeah.
I'm a twinkie.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
How ya doin'?
Really? I'm a hero.
'Scuse me?
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Okay well that's good to know.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Eh...
The Mr. Bowmont's here!!!
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
Ross's parents are my parents!
Joey!
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Well-well-see? Parents are comin'!
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Pheebs?
Hey, Phoebe!
Joey!
Didn't think so.
Hi, Pheebs!
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home!
Okay. Oooh! Oh, this is our last huddle, yeah.
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
How's it gonna be all right?!
Uh-huh, I see that.
What? What?
Stupid.
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
What we did last night was....
Totally crazy stupid.
Mm-hmm.
Okay!
Monica. Whaddya think?
Wh- are you welling up?
Oh God!
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Oh, dad, turn it off.
It is off.
It's the off light. Right Ross?
That's fine.
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Thank you.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Bobby.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.
Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.
Yeah, OK.
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Ok.
All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.
Well, Mon, I was married.
Oh, yeah.
Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Absolutely.
Oh, yeah!
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
How much longer?
Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
A-A day.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Oh my God.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
OK, I'll see you later babe.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? I'm still gonna go.
Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes.
I am good. I finished my book.
Oh my God!
So, how are you?
Oh yeah, what's it about?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
And twenty-five it is.
Dammit, dammit, dammit!
But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
: Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.
Yep, I'm in a tree.
Did he call? Did Mark call?
Oh. Oh my God, is that Phoebe?
Ow!! Ow!!!
Excellent hole, Joe.
Oh no! No!! My hole!!
What?! What?!! What is it?!
That's true.
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
The man's got a point.
It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Hi
Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
Lecroix. Janine Lecroix
I know!!!
Hello.
Oh! Ooh! Oh Monica! It's so beautiful.
So, I'm here, ready to play.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
What?!
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Oh.
Totally!
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
We don't have to come up with this now.
All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Whoa, I'm not done.
Bye-bye.
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
And I will see you tomorrow!
That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Alright, I'll call you.
I don't think you mean that.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Noo!! Okay!!
Absolutely! It would just be one friend helping out another friend.
Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
Okay!
Oh.
What?
Ethan called again.
Are you not seeing him anymore?
See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Periodontist.
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
Well, no. But...
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Monica Gellerrr.
Right, will you excuse us for one moment? What are you doing?
Just please stop!
Well, don't 'cha wanna?
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
You think you know me so well.
Yeah.
I can't believe you did that.
Which one? Which button, Jack.
The button, the button.
Yeah, well.
Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
Who is being loud?
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
You're not an artist.
Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Jacket now.
Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
Would you look at them?
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Yeah, can't help but.
This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.
Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?
You're strict.
You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Ew, this feels very weird.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Oh my God, they took my idea!
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
What is wrong with you?!!!
What?!
So you didn't mean any of that?!
Alright. Phoebe?
If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Yeah, alright.
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
What?! You slept with Jason?
Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
You'd already broken up.
Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
I can't believe this!
Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go!
1250.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Damn, I forgot you were here.
Oh my god.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
What?
What's a 'niffle'?
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Oh, that is so sweet. Oh gosh, love you. Insurance?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Whatcha doin'?
Ooh.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
But you've only slept with two people.
Right.
Now I do.
Oh God, you are about to get sooo lucky.
Yeah, am I in it?
Honey, you are in it.
Oh, yeah!
Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
Everybody knows!
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
Y'know what, that's fine, maybe you haven't grown up, but I have.
Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
Oh my God!
Oh-ho, okay.
Your a poet and don't know it.
Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?
I thought I would, but the translation's no good.
Actually I ah, I am a poet.
Did that!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Still?!
Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image?
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Okay. Here's the thing.
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Okay. Can you give me a little push?
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
All right.
Yeah, sure. Good luck!
So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
And it's not fake, it's totally brutal.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
No, sorry.
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Well where's Amanda?
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
No, sorry.
Well where's Amanda?
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Goodnight.
Hey, that coupon expires, you know.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.
Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Hmm.
OH...MY...GAWD!!
Ohh, Nothing.
300 dollars?!
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Okay, fine, $300.
Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Ugh!
Hi!
Oh my good God.
I know what time you said.
Happy birthday!!!
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
Happy birthday!!!
Rach! Come on! Rach!
This is my dress!
You came?!
Yeah!
No!
