Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... twenty dollars an hour.
Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you're really sarcastic, or that, y'know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! I know! How bad is this?!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theater!
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. What?
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? Yes, hold on. Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh!
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
We're not gonna have sex! Okay, nothing's changed here. He still doesn't want children and I still do, so that's why we're just gonna be friends.
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she...she wished me good luck.
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four.
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, rweee!!
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly.
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Do you realize this is probably the last time we'll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?
Okay ah, please don't freak out. Umm, but ah, there's a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there's no way to know which one.
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Oh yeah, she didn't hire me out of pity, it wasn't so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I'm good.
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Oh, what'd ya bring me?! Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... Okay...
Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
Oh! Let's see, well...if this is the wedding hall then umm you're parents will be at home in Queens.
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
"Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know." Nooo!!
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Hey Rach, what about this? Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Well, so far I have uh, my bride's maids dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you.
No! Y'know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview.
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Joey, put that down! Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone!
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
I am really an idiot. you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Y'know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
Oops! Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
Oh wow! Okay. Don't scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!"
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
No, those first two windows, that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles on your butt.
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Oh no-no-no, it's only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren't there. Just say you'll think about it, okay?
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross's mom.
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn't give me grief about me biting them.
Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls... Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. Joey? Now is not the time!
Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier.
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
You know, they're not actually supposed to have... I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. I'm not going to let anything spoil that.
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.
So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
I love you. Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.
Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Hello? It's Joey. I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Okay. But wait, we can't. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we're supposed to have lunch.
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
I'm gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour!
Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ow, Monica bang! Everybody bang. Ben bang. Rachel bang. Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
Really! All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. Okay, this is empty.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? Why? What did I say?
All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
I gotta make up the guest bedroom. Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Behind my brother's back? ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel" plan!
Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone.
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! How long before it starts getting annoying?
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?
Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Well, umm, Walker was looking for this big bus load of kids.... All right, I get your point.
Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Okay, I'll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
I just checked my messages, and he said that when he gets back from Atlanta, we need to talk.
I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel.
Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Sweetie, with you it's gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, 'cause you-you guys are in love.
That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Oh, then bring it on! Oh, unless of course your afraid you might lose to a bunch of girls.
Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
You do know that was me who just said that right? Hey. As long as we're both up...
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
I'll get it. Hello. Hi Emily! Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second.
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. Maybe someday, there will be.
I'm getting married today!!! I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!!
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.
Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. Whoa! Are you going in there for?
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
That's right. That's right. And that is why you can't stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn't come to the wedding.
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
What are you talking about? She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
That's what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you're Chip. Nevermind.
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Come on. Hello? I'm sorry you have the wrong number. Okay, I'll call you later dad. I love you.
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
Oh, absolutely. Yeah, you know I'm not even thinking about that thing that we're not supposed to think about.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately.
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Well...honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin' you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger.
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
Pheebs, you've been up for 24 hours! Go to sleep, honey. Th-this isn't healthy.
Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Good, so do it Saturday night because we're going to dinner with her and Clark.
Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
So uh, Joey and Chanlder, I, I think it's time that you take Dr. Greene over to your place.
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
All right look, if I take Chandler out of the running will you be able to focus?
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Well, he told me he was going out with the guys, I just didn't know that you were the guys.
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
All right, you just make sure that Chandler catches the ball, I'll take care of the rest.
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Just go up to her and ask her out. Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
Y'know if it's any consolation, he really did sound like he was having more fun with you.
Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! And I'm sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Wow! That's great! Dad must really like you, he doesn't ask just anyone to play.
Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. It was right here, where is it?
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.
Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
All right then, when I'm done with this place, it's gonna be ten times better than that place!
I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this, so that you can bunny bump against my back.
What? You freak! You wouldn't even have known about this place if it wasn't for me!
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Okay. Umm, y'know, I don't think, I don't think I told you this, but umm, I just got out of a really serious relationship.
Really? Okay, so why don't you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don't think you have to wear it unless you are!
'Cause if you do that means you'd be cancelling it for me, and we're just friends.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
I have no moves. Okay, whatcha doin' there?! Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
I just-I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
Oh, what about that guy over there? Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Oh my God! Joey, what did you do after you threw her leg on the fire?
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Yeah-Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
Because they don't know we're dating. Do you think we should eat in the kitchen?
No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, "That was nice?" Admit something to me? "I'll call you?"
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
And what if I was still fat? Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
Sandra, I am so sorry, I thought you were Rachel and we just weren't ready for you yet.
So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you.
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler!
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it's funny now?
All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, she should be here by now.
All right shut up for a second and let me just see something. Oh, wow!
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
Hey! Okay, so I thought we'd start with my make up and then do my hair.
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Are you kidding?! I get a Porsche and the barca lounger's gone?! This is the best day ever!
Y'know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Oh, I've got it! I have got it! Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's "Audition didn't go so well. Yeah it did?"
Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I've had such a craving for them.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
Maybe. Joey: Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous.
I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story.
Hey Gunther. Hi. I mean you're going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?
Oh God! He's gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
Well uh, I'm trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus?
Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. Don't do the dance.
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
No no. See, in my bedroom I set my clock six minutes fast. You wanna know why?
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
And Dad, y'know that mailman that you got fired? He didn't steal your Playboys! Ross did!
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Y'know what, I think we should play a game. I mean come on, it's been twelve years.
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we'll be getting married?
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
I don't have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Well, they're just gonna have to wait aren't they? I've only got two hands!!
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, good, 'cause umm, well maybe we could have a little workout of our own...
Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.
Okay. I'm guessing that if you don't want to deliver, you probably don't want to pick stuff up either.
All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. Call Rachel.
Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
It was okay. She's still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica!
Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn't you start feeling silly?
Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand.
I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, 'the movie star.'
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah! We should have essay questions!!
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I'm just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Look, I know that I should've told them. I know I shouldn't care what they think. I'm sorry.
It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
You're right. I mean I'm sorry. Yeah, I shouldn't be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you!
Oh my God! That's great! Oh wow! You're a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call.
All right, umm, we're not gonna really keep it this way though.
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
Well that's it. People never say `We need to talk' unless it's something bad.
Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich-Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.
And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much...
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
You bet that I'd screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was...
Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Well, if you don't have anything to copy, why are you going down there?
He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
We're gonna pick up the wedding dress then we're gonna have lunch with mom.
Why don't you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn't have to apologize.
So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.
Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
Have a seat. Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Yeah, I do think it's better this way. Yeah, we're being smart. Yes, I'm sure.
Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche!
Hold on a second, just put a little club soda on it and it should umm, be.....
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something.
Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I'll make you a nice martini.
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
You have to help me! I'm supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this!
Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest?
Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it's snowballing, y'know?
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Ohhh! No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders. Ross! Ross! I'm kidding!
Well, do you think he was waiting 'til after you left, so he could cry?
Ok, you see, the tag shouldn't be at the top left corner, it should be at the bottom right corner.
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
That's okay, this is more important than fruit on my ceiling! You broke up?!
I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
All right, I'll do it just this once! But you can't tell anybody!
With a wok? I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
Okay, I feel like I'm talking to Lassie. All right, Phoebe would you just tell me!
See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.
All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn't.
Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
But the minute we start to lie to each other... And by 'we' I mean society.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom.
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
So your first whole weekend without Ben, what're you guys gonna do?
Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Y'know, I don't have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. Are you sure you're okay?
Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight.
All right! Let's go! Let's go Team Monica! All right, we can work out the name later.
Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of.
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
But you should eat them now because they're hot from the oven.
Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Well, let's just say it's not the first time you've stolen my thunder.
Oh, it was awful. I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
You obviously haven't screwed over a lot of your friends. Which we all appreciate.
Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Oh, yes, umm, I'm here to pick up a dress that you have on hold.
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Come on Rach, come on. Let's see what's it like to be on a winning team for a change.
Phoebe, y'know why don't we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
Well, no, not at all, you're not terminal, you just, you just need some damage control.
No, of course not. It's not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
I cant believe you. You still havent told that girl she doesnt have a job yet?
No, no, wait. His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
Oh-ho! But not in here! Can't eat 'em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Yeah, well he's my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Joey, please don't do that. I think it's best that we just forget about it.
It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.
Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands.
Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.
Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . .
Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
You're wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
This is for the scratchy twins out there. I taped oven mits to their hands.
No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him.
That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. Lucky. To have had a friend like you.
This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother.
I'm gonna go tell Joey that that you're back. I was really worried about you.
Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies!
So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly...
Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don't like my new eye doctor.
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
Yeah, I've just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
This isn't how it's supposed to go, there can't be another guy.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, And you! Get the swordfish! And you! Get a haircut!
Because he'll know what to do? Oh my God, you're a genius!
Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
We're just two people who find each other very attractive. Right?
He wanted to tell me he's gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
Hey! It's me. Mon-i-ca! Can I just tell you how proud I am of you.
I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.
Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
All right, I'm gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Y'know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! You're not getting dressed.
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.
Nooo! No, that's not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world!
Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.
Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
Dr. Greene. Oh my God it's Rachel's dad. What're you doing here?
Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper's a little faded, that's okay. Carpet's a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
Okay, wait, you gotta hang up 'cause we're gonna be late.
You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
So what! As long as he's not wearing a white dress and a veil I don't care.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you're done.
Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
We got out pictures back from London. Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
Okay. I'm gonna be the mom that makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
I gotcha. Sorry. So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
'Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
He had to go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard.
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.
Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
Yeah I can! And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha!
You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
And people will think you own a Porsche because you're wearing the clothes?
Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don't let her go without a fight!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone's eye out!
Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.
You know what, I think it's cute, you trying to be more like Richard.
Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.
Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
Joey, what are you doing?! It's never gonna happen, she's seeing somebody.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Honey. Uh, not to sound too Florence Henderson but, dinner's on the table.
Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
They baked it. I can't take this anymore. I'm gonna call a meeting tonight, I'm gonna fire you tonight.
Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
No it's umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I'm gonna go guys.
Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- -I'd want yours.
Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen.
Okay, I've got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
We'll be right there! Can't you just say it starts later?
I don't know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! What are you laughing at Pampers?
Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
Well, maybe you're right-She made fun of my phone pen!
Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.
So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.
Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Ohh, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I actually thought she could change.
Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.
I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.
Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. What?
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can't like it.
No! But, I'm throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Hey, did you get the turkey basted-Oh my God! Oh my God! Who is that?
Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.
Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. So umm, what's this?
Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? Guys?
OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!
Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!
Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Well, you used to dress up in Mom's clothes all the time.
Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad.
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Of course I have! What do you think, I'm some 30 year old virgin?
Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Why don't you just have a seat here? OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?
My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!!
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
I know! I'll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
Danny? You know Rachel? She's nice. She's not bad to look at, right?
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?
You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
No honey. You have to sleep on this side of the bed because I have to sleep on this side of the bed.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.
You! It's not like it's a big deal! You-you don't still do it or anything!
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
I know! I mean it's like me and your dad, that's a totally separate thing.
How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
Ah no, the other Phoebe, the one you went to go see.
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something!
Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It's so beautiful!
I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
I'm sorry, okay? It just-tonight was supposed to be y'know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
You don't have to stick up for her. She can't here you.
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
That's a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y'know...
Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
You've got to get back out there, it's your party.
Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around...
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
I mean think about all the money that you're gonna make!
Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Ok, um so, I still have to invite Dillon and Emma and Shannon Cooper.
Phoebe, he's gotta be in the room for that to work.
Oh my God, I went to high school with her. Rachel! Hi!
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word.
She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.
If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!
Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.
Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
There's still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! Umm, you're a stupid bitch.
No, wait, please don't go! I've got porn for you too!
Okay! There's only one left, three letter word, not dog but...
Ok, let me go check. Your mom want's to say goodbye.
Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
Y'know what? I-I think that umm, I don't feel like going to The Plaza.
Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Yeah, apparently they're turning it into some kinda coffee place.
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you?
All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.
This isn't mine. Hey, this isn't, this isn't my stuff! Ugh, Ross! These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do.
Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.
Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we?
What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you...
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realize that, I can't help you.
Abso... ...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.
Okay. We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Oh my God! He just said my name! Did you hear that?
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Relax! You'll be fine. Oh much better. You're invisible now.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realise that, I can't help you.
I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe's old massage place is getting fired.
Ross, just forget about it. This guy's got you totally wedged in.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me?
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.
She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me.
Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he's actually going to kill you dead.
Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
No you're not. You're, you're allergic to lobster and peanuts and--oh my god.
Look. Joey, do you know we can see you from here?
Oh my God, you can't even see where the Titanic hit it.
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now!
Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about?
What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
No-no-no, don't-don't do the accent. You've got to see her again.
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.
I have no idea, but X-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.
Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
No, it's okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!
No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.
So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I'll see you then.
Well, I'd like to but, I'm not sure we have time to go.
No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
I think I'll help her out. What is going on here?
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few debloons.
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Cute PJ's! You're really livin' it up here in London huh?
Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
We're not really gonna buy these people steak dinners are we?
I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Limited seating my ass. Let's see who made the cut. Hi!
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
It's never taken you more than a shower to get over a relationship.
No. You don't have any of these cute little obsessive things.
Come on! Come on! Hurry! We're running out of time! Huddle up!
Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. Umm, this one is made of bologna.
Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put... Oh my God! It's in the quiche! Oh My God!
What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.
Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
Well that's the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!
Oh Rachel, I know the best coffee house and it's sooo close.
All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.
Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it!
Okay. All right, turkey. Eh, that won't work. Cheese? That won't work. Olive loaf? I hope that won't work.
Y'know what, that's fine, maybe you haven't grown up, but I have.
What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic , in Central Park!
You're not gonna believe this. Okay, so I go over...
Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
Forty-two to twenty-one! Like the turkey, Ross is done!
Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Oh!! You guys knew about this and you didn't tell us?!
I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don't bite your nails.
Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.
No-no, I-I really don't want to talk about it! I don't! Especially with you.
Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
All right, that's it, we're going to the emergency room.
I am going... I'm going--Turn it over! I'm... I am going to get these drops in your eyes.
Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
Well, it's done about two minutes before it looks like that.
Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
Yeah. I bet you can't guess what color my tonsils are? I'll bet the apartment!
It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers.
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. Hold on! Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
Do you want to go out on a date with her?
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about-What are you doing?
You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Dad! There's Ross , why don't you go talk to him?
Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
No it's not! No! No! Now it's about you and Ross getting back together!
Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You know what, the way you did it was just fine.
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?
Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
And well, we probably shouldn't see each other anymore. I'm sorry.
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. You can go.
No, umm, he met some girl at the coffee house.
Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete's computer company?
Okay, ooh, alright. Name, address... Okay, in case of emergency, call?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
Okay, great! Bye. So guess who's coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Oh, that's okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.
Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.
Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute.
Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!
All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence... dozens of people.
Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section...
Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.
No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. Just some water.
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.
Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.
Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.
Um, okay, here it goes. I'm not 22. I'm, I'm 25... and thirteen months.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac.
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
Alright, you know what? That's it. You've had your chance.
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
I gotta go to work. Has anybody seen my left boob?
Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
Whoa! Whoa!! Tackled by a girl! Bet ya don't see that everyday, do ya?
Oh honey, is that 'cause your Mom died around Christmas?
Well, with all these doctors and nurses, I'm gonna say, midget rodeo.
Well actually, I-I didn't eat mine. It's still in the bathroom.
Don't worry. You'll find some place to get married.
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
Pretty much. So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
These tiny, little non-breasts?! Please, it's gotta be Rachel.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.
What are you doing?! Chandler! You can't just go back a phase!
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren't wearing underpants?
Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special.
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down.
Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips?
Well maybe we can make a, a, a 'B' out of one of those roses.
He is so cute. So, where did you guys grow up?
Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
Chandler, we still haven't gotten an RSVP from your dad.
What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Two in a row! You've got to use your tongues now!
Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
No. Big deal, so you have a side of the bed, everybody has a side of the bed.
Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?
He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
Oh that's my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. She's fancy.
Oh, you came to tell him you love him! I knew it! I was right! I'm right, right?
If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.
Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it?
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't.
OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Here's Frannie. Hmm, won't she be happy to see me?
I don't think you'll ever get my parents that drunk!
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Honey, it's not pushy, he gave her his home number.
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
No, you don't want this. I want to have your grandmother's cookie recipe.
Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?
Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
No it's not! You want it, you're gonna have to win it!
Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next.
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
We're really glad you decided to meet our guy.
Hey, cheer up! You're gonna see her again, right?
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Yeah. And y'know, if you wanna cry, that's okay too.
How are we gonna do that? There's no way.
See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
Is it okay for me to come in now?
Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
How would that go? Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.
Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.
Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!
Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. Uh, just a second!
Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Okay, umm-umm, I'll just--I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Hello? Oh, hi Ross! See? Other people call me!
And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
Phoebe, they didn't make you pay for those knives, did they?
Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.
Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, okay?
Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.
Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom.
Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.
I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve!
Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Guys, please, I'm just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?
What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you?
The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
You had no right to go out with him.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can't stop staring at her.
All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.
Huh? What'd ya say Joe? I'll be right there.
So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.
Are you saying that you don't wanna get with this?
Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.
I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!
What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
Oh, would you let it go already?! You're fine!
Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? That's fine.
Just like you told her you did! ... Just pointing out the irony.
Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever.
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
No-no, Rachel, don't get it! He can't see us!
If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.
You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! What are you doing here?!
Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.
Hey, I've come to terms with it, you have to too.
Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can't let-, actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
That's a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.
I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?
All right then, your bra would still be big.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
All right, we'll call you when we get back.
Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.
Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can't believe I found it!
Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.'
It's all everybody at the party could talk about!
C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
Hi, um, I'm gonna need a new set of these forms .
Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?
You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
Now come on. Well, I'm glad we worked things out.
All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food.
That could be a four or a five. It's your call.
Do you want some shortbread? Eh that's Scottish like you are.
Nobody wants to do it? All right, I'll do it myself.
I don't know. I guess the other people just don't care enough.
Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!!
Oh please! Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Well, tonight was-was going to be my first time.
Congratulations! Wow! I can't believe you're nominated for an Emmy!
I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.
So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
No honey, I'm sorry, but the weekend's not over yet.
Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I'll get the furniture polish!
Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Joey, take your time with that. That's my last batch.
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Okay, let's start with the free messages outside the UN.
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Absolutely! It would just be one friend helping out another friend.
Chandler! He's your father; he should be at the wedding.
Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Rachel, I need to borrow-You're not packed!!!! You're not packed even a little bit!
Joey! He's working! You would look good in that.
How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea.
You know, the guys are probably having a great time.
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Oh God... Why don't they put chairs back here?!
How about we play for more money, say 150?
And that's why, I'm not inviting you in for a drink. Bye.
I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress?
I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
No! No. They're umm... They're just uh...ground beef smileys.
Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?
What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?
Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Thanks, I'm set. Do you still live with your parents?
You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I?
You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Rach, there's something uh, important I have to tell you.
Ross, we haven't done the routine since middle school.
Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Oh my God! Where the hell have you been?!!
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
This is the most special day of our lives.
I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Were not doing anything. Were just sitting around talking, quietly.
How do you know exactly what she's going through?
Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
I won't give you anything, but you'll owe me 2.95.
Awww, come on-wait-stop it. Okay, to Monica.
Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she?
She's the actress that was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost!
I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture.
Guys. I thought you were taking Ross to the game?
Hey, guys. I'm here to pick out my Christmas tree.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it'snot really true, is it?
Hi! Hey, Pete you're back! Hey, check this out.
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
This is what happens when you don't register for gifts!
What makes you think that I might not be okay?
It's some of Richard's hair! What do I do with this?
Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.
Well, you're not gonna get going are you?
I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
Do you guys know what happened to Chandler's barca lounger?
Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?
Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!
Did you ever, uh, like, think about the future?
I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
I can't leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.
Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
I can't believe mom and dad are selling the house!
How can I not do it? I have $127 in the bank.
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Live together? There have been no signs for that.
Please. Half the guys out there have makeup on.
Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Wait a minute, she isn't... She's not the one who you...
Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
Yeah. Run ten blocks, that'll help the smell.
Yeah you're right, we can't-we shouldn't watch this.
Is this the one that I threw out last year?
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.
Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
I just can't stand you being here all the time.
I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
He's with Emily at a Bed and Breakfast in Vermont!
I'm Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom?
Yeah! That's why I'm sleeping with him on the side.
All right, look at my on the back page.
I can do it, okay? Come on, let's go.
Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?
Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay?
Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana.
Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
What, what are you doing? You can't go out there.
Come on, she'll be here any minute.
You remember that video I found of mom and dad?
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
So guys, listen, I go over there, and umm...
Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Why don't you just go out with her!
Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Okay, come on, do it one more time!
Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Oh. So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?
I tried to reach you at work. There's....been a fire.
You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!
Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.
I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?
Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter-Uh, tress!
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
Ohh, I'm sorry I couldn't think of anymore for Ross!
All you had to do was buy the card!
So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
Maybe we should just tell your parents first.
All right, Phoebe get open. Rachel, go long.
You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
Six? I just had it for one night. It's three.
You don't? Well, that's the difference between a professional and a layman.
He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard!
I can cook and you can take care of the money.
Mira, Ross, Marcel se llevo el control remoto.
Ross, if you don't tell them, then I will!
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
I know you do. Me too. So what now?
That really was some of your best work.
All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on!
Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.
You know, it still smells like monkey in there.
Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo Woo.
Oh, it is sooo perfect. Thank you so much.
I don't know. Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
I know. How could we have let this happen?
Okay, look, this could be a really long game.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Oh God, you are about to get sooo lucky.
It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Do you realize that four weeks from today we're getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Oh, that is so sweet. Oh gosh, love you. Insurance?
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
Yes but my mom got me this job.
So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Okay! But you can't rip it. Well, maybe a little.
That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.
Wait a minute, who told you? You are dead meat.
Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
What?! You're going out with her again!
Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
You can let some of them go by!
Nice to meet you! My God you're great!
Hi. Do you know what time it is?
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
Hello? Hold on please. Joey, it's your mom.
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.
Well good, here let me help you out.
What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Okay! Oh God, y'know what? It's really bad.
Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
I have not been sick in over three years!
It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Hey, you think, you can keep it another night?
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
So we can be friends who sleep together.
No! We only mess around at his place!
Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza!
So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?
Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
My God, you can't even look at me! Can you?
Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
Okay, Joey's gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Hi, welcome home. I need to borrow a hundred bucks.
Wow, you're really crazy about her, huh?
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Hey! Didn't you have that outfit on last night?
Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.
Oh, um, I don't know if that's a good idea.
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Oh it's umm, good! It's umm, it's good, just here watering the plants.
And yet, here we are doing it again.
I'm fine, just a little tired, I'm okay. How's Richard doing?
You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Hey, guys, guys, did you see my new, china cabinet?!
So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
It sounds like it's coming from across the street.
That's right! You lose sucker!! Please still marry me.
Y'know all my friends think this is weird.
Because they'll know we've been listening.
No. But I remember people telling me about it.
Used to work with her. Used to! I'm a relative and I didn't get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
Umm, you've got some on your pants.
I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
Oh my God, are you out of a job?
She has to know that your not ready.
Where are we gonna find a tiny little hat?
Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
In the beginning where y'know it's all sex and talking and sex and talking and...
Phoebe? Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Oh hi! Hi! Y'know, we were just talking about bacon.
Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
Yeah, what, do you think we're stupid?
Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
You don't want to know what tonight was.
Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
I know! Hey, you haven't been practising the routine, have you?
Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke.
We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Hello? What?! You what?! Hey you listen here missy! Wh-
No! But I know exactly what I'm going to say.
Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Rach, get the heat. Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.
Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
So to get this part you can't be?
Quick, Phoebe, tell us before he can swallow.
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.
Chandler, relax it's not a contest. Certainly not a close one.
Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.
You wanna be in charge of the food committee?
There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Oh, don't you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
No forget it, I'm not gonna tell you now.
Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?
Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that-
But you've only slept with two people.
Why do you want to see my hand?
It-it's so great to see you both here.
Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice!
Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Can you just hold on for one minute?
Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
All right baby, come on! Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant...
Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Come on guys! Let's go! Come on, it's second down.
Nobody move! Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
You still want to move in together right?
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
Alright, great. Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class.
Joey, she was listing the countries she's done it in.
Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Ross hasn't worked at the museum for a year!
Oh, then it must've been you. Bye.
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
Do you always have to bring him here?
Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
That's right, she came back all by herself.
Where you can make out with your assistant.
Honey? Is that something you're making up?
We just want you to think it through.
Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of...
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Okay! Okay! Okay! We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
Do you really want to pull at that thread?
You jerk! You know how much I love that kid!
I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
Uh, would you stop it with that already?!
Well, high school was not my favourite time.
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
So, wait, you really did like my cookies?
Why can't you use the phone in here?
Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
It's unbelievable! I-I can't believe that sign didn't work!
I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro's.
Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
And some of us really have to pee.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Alright, I've got a leg, three breasts and a wing.
Oh my God, oh my God. Call me on the phone!
All right! You and me! Let's go! Right now!
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don't like you. I'm sorry.
Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite.
Oh, can I borrow this? My milk's gone bad.
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
You promised Dr. Weinburg, you'd never use that phrase.
God! If you're gonna cry about it!
Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Congratulations, I think youve found the worlds thinnest argument.
All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
What the hell is that dog doing here?!
Well, it just seems like a really small number.
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?
I can't believe her, y'know it's just-it's so typical.
Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Oh my God! That's Pete! But why is Bill huggin' Pete?
Oh, you're totally welcome! What'd she say?
Chandler, that's like your fourth cup of coffee!
Ok, we're not having birthday cake, we're having birthday flan.
Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!!
Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
Sounds like she's got the ah, whole package.
Chris says they're closing down the bar.
What?! I just touched him and he went over.
Hey, how long are you in the city?
Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
You know the words! You are so into this!
You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
If you tell me, I'll tell you what Phoebe said.
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
I just told my Mom I'd cater a party for her.
We do not have one of those signs.
It just makes more sense as an ensemble.
Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?
Chandler, please, come on. Look at him.
Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
Uh, I don't know, butter, eggs, flour, lime, kiwi--
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!
Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Yeah, but I don't think we have time.
Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
Do you mind telling us what it is?
Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Wouldn't you love to do it just once?!
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
Okay, I think I get how to do this.
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...
Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
Didn't your dad used to call you Pumpkin?
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Then all your stuff would be here.
Then all your stuff would be here.
What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Well there's not much we can do.
Well, that's it You gonna crash on the couch?
I know, but you have to open it today!
All right, let's go say good-bye.
I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?
You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.
Oh, god... She's told you that already, didn't she?!
Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
All right, then show me some manly moves.
Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
Man, I feel like I'm coming down with something.
Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Joey, you know you don't actually have one.
Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun! Ohhh!
Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Y'know she has 147,000 pairs of boots...
Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
Oh my God yes! Who is she?
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Oh, gosh, you got some on your shirt.
I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.
No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.
Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
I guess they're back from their date.
Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Why don't you just take it with you?
It's umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
I might've said that. Why is that funny?
Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
Well, you could actually go to the gym.
And you're not gonna do that.
I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
I'm sick of Japanese. We're not going there.
See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
How much did ever really win before?
Great. So the ball is in his court?
I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.
Oh my God! He's gonna rat me out!
Again. Y'know what? I think we all did.
So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?
Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
What about the part where he has rabies?
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.
Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey's sisters.
Hello, people who do not live here.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
I'm just so excited to make the presents! Shoot!
Couldn't you just stay like this forever? Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
Rach, why won't they take it back?
Hey, are we still on for tonight?
I wish all guys could be like him.
But it didn't. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.
I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
All right, so what do you say?
Why would the little girl creep you out?
You bet your ass, I'm gonna fire you! Thank you.
Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Ross, your little creatures got the remote again.
Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha!
Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don't you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?
Oh my God Chandler! I can't believe it!
Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
Oh that's right, that's what I'd sound like if I exploded.
Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
That is so funny. Let me see that.
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
If the school finds out you're fired.
Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
Hi. I'll be ready in just a second.
All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Rach, you're gonna come though aren't you?
I promise you, he would definitely want you back.
I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.
Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!
I'll get back to my new job.
Honey, we have been through this before!
When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.
Does it have to do with Joey?
Oh, so you like her too Chandler?
I wanna say good-bye at the car!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
So how's it going with you guys?
First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
Just be yourself. But, not too much.
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
The big hat, the pearls, the little pick handbag.
Look Julio, someone left their book here.
Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
We're gonna see each other naked.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
Y'know, I love doing crossword puzzles with you honey!
Not one that can pee on the roof.
Chandler, wh-why don't we sit down?
Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
You're not just saying that are you?
I've gotta get back in the game.
I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second!
OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
I just wanted to see how it's going.
Come on, we can't let them win!
That thing is not coming in here.
Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.
Well, you used to like playing the guitar.
Oh God, is it 6:30? Buzz him in!
Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
I know, I just thought it would be fun.
So, where do you want to go?
Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Dad , Mom . Look! Look who it is it's Chandler!
No, it's not bad. It's not bad at all. It's-it's really nice.
Joey, we have something to tell you.
That's a little more than I wanted to see.
Please, just a little bit off the back.
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
Have you even had a girl up here?
So the going for help went well?
How many kids were we gonna have?
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Wh-what are we gonna tell him?
Alright, well tell me one of yours.
Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.
Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
DON'T...be too long with the phone.
I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
Look, you and I went to different high schools...
I know you're planning my surprise bridal shower.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
You didn't even take off your pants.
We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Oh, but it's made her so happy.
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college!
I just, I can't believe that we made it!
Okay. Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Yes, I would like something. No, no thank you.
No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
When it's your assistant, I would say never.
What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.
And so, we're hiding in the bathroom.
Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
All right, I'll see you guys later.
Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
Yeah. Which one do you like more?
Okay, if you really wanna have sex...
Wow! It's like Rachel in High School.
Oh my God! It's like one mind.
No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss...
Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Hey, you got me, put it in.
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Shut up, and put my table back.
Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
He didn't ask me to marry him.
Pick a number! That is your only job!
Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
You know what, everything's gonna be okay.
Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you!
I told you not to go down there!
So then, are you going to dump Jason?
Do you want our guy to be your guy?
You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
Joey... we always know what you mean.
Do you think he knew I was here?
Do you think he knew I was here?
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
So, are you sorry that I told them?
I'm fine-d. I'm fine-d! Y'know, it's a really hard word to say.
We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.
Come here, I want to show you something!
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
My boyfriend really does have good taste!
I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.
All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
Yes! And that would be a shut-down!
Would it really have been that easy?
I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
Only if you say his full name.
Sure, we have no money, go ahead.
Nah, he doesn't do anything for me.
That's not even a word! I can get this! I can get this!
I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
You still have feelings for me don't you?
Oh my god, what were you thinking?
She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Why do you care so much anyway?
I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
Wow! Your lip went bald. Hey, thanks.
He is the man in the black dress.
All right!! All right. I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!
Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
No he went out to get pizza.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
How 'bout one last game of racquetball?
I'm sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross.
Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
Is that some kind of boat talk?
It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.
Yeah, I don't hear Chandler's and he doesn't hear mine.
Great. It's gym class all over again.
Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
You don't have a car. And your license expired.
What kinda things have you been saying?
Please! I made this game what it is.
I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
You wanna get out of my face?
I wanted it so bad! Wanna go pack?
Yeah, apparently, they're pretty good seats.
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Who did we fight in World War I?
Come in. I've been waiting for you.
Why, what's wrong with my bathroom floor?
Wait a minute! My last Kit-Kat bar!
Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
If Phoebe were my maid of honor...
Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
I have no idea what you just said.
Oh dad, really you don't need to...
Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Does anybody wanna split this with me?
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
-but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Limited seating?! I am just one tiny person!
What are you doing here? You can't be here!
I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.
Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I'm always the hostess.
Ok will do. So glad you came.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
My turn? What-what are you talking about?
I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.
They tore it down a few days early.
Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! Yes!
All right, what about the third guy?
All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
It's actually going to be just family.
You know what. Tomorrow I'm gonna do your clocks.
I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.
No, I just I think that it's too soon.
Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...
To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
Well, then, I'm okay with being high maintenance.
He's in a different room! He's really that loud?
I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
And they weren't looking at you before?!
I have to be up in seven minutes.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
I knew you were not okay with that.
So, I'll get-get back to my friend.
He said he's really gonna miss you guys.
We'd be eating our soup right now.
Is he not cute enough for you?
Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs.
Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Cassie needs to stay at your place.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Why is this car in my bedroom?
Good. What made you change your mind?
Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
Sure, every time, you're such a princess...
That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
Yeah, just like the one in the poem.
Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.
Well, the giraffe's okay. And so is the pirate.
Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
Call them mom and dad you loser!
I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
Did you like learn about her family?
Chandler? Do you promise to be good?
Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.
On three, 1...2...3! Now my pillow's all wet!
Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
I was probably waiting for it to open.
Whose little ball of paper is this?!
I don't want things to change! Do you?
No, you were right. I don't have a plan.
Well, why don't we just bunny up.
Well forget it! It doesn't hurt that baaad!!!!
How crazy that we'd run into you!
So, what do you think we should do?
So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?
No. Not after what happened with Steve.
A small puff of air, now come on!
Okay, you're-you're really freaking me out.
Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
And yet, we're still poking him.
Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
Uh, huh. Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away.
Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
...horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.
Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.
I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
Doing great, the quiches are coming along.
Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?!
You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
Well, why would she lie to you?
Seriously, where did you get the hat?
Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
So what did you do today Pete?
That you're not funny or sexy?
I don't know exactly. It's-it's sorta like wrestling.
Oh my God! You're water broke!
No, you said the baby creeps you out.
Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
A quin pidio el pollo General Tso?
Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.
Umm, can we see you ride it?
No, you messed it up. You're stupid.
I'm not gonna go out with him.
Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Who is also in charge of purchasing.
Y'know, there's a Starbucks about three blocks down.
Okay. Can you give me a little push?
No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.
That cold makes you sound so great.
Y'know, just be there for her.
No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.
Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
Joey we know you steal our food.
I can't be fair. You're my boyfriend.
What did I tell you about the hall?!
Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
You're not gonna mess it up.
Come here. Okay, be right back.
So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?
Oh my God! Rachel!! You look terrific!
So you hit her in the face?
Why? 'Cause otherwise you'd go for it?
Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?
No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
What, that little thing at the prom?
And I would have to say pah-huh.
Rach, come see who's out here!
I guess I wanted to keep it as a souvenir.
And the way she slaps all the time!
Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.
Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
That's right. My Mom doesn't have any faith in me! Oh, that's hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
What?! You can't-what did you tell her?
God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.
Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
Yeah you will! And, are you kiddin' me?!
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Okay! All right! Let's do it!
Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?
I had to go with the odds Rach.
Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.
If I tell you, you'll think I'm crazy.
I knew you were likely to take a wife!
God, look what I found in the drain.
Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.
Wait! Wait! Wait! You can't start today! Today's the rehearsal dinner!
Come on! I really need your help!
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
Then why would he say it?
Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Please tell me you're stopping now.
Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire...
Okay well that's good to know.
And well, what did she say?
Just go over and say hi.
What can we do for you?
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Just uh, do the right thing.
Just uh, do the right thing.
Because we won our apartment back!
Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
No, only because that's the graduation song.
Well, I guess now we can't go.
Wait a minute, y'know, you're bringing me!
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Yes, they can stay with us.
Oh, you are so great! Thank you!
So what're you gonna do?
Thanks. So, I guess I better be going.
Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Why else would we be here?
All right, I guess we should go.
Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Joey, this is for you. It's blackberry curin.
So what are you gonna be?
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
Does he not make enough money?
Yeah, there's one right under the cabinet.
You have scratches all over you, what happened?
Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
Yeah, he's gonna work on that.
Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
You really think this is okay?
You really think this is okay?
I know the code to his answering machine.
Y'know what, let's do the catering business.
How did you get in here?
Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
I just thought he was nice, y'know?
Are you guys gonna be okay?
I think somebody needs another lap dance.
Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.
Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Y'know which one was she again?
Can you go any faster with that?
Phoebe, we're getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
This is all of your things.
Have you ever taken out the trash?
Carol moved her stuff out today.
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
Oh and you know what I want!
What are you doing with the lamp?
What are you guys gonna do?
That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Well, what am I going to say?
Okay, what's going on with you?
Chandler! Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
We'll just...we'll just let her stay.
I'm sure they'll be here soon.
No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
What is going on with you?
Did they just kill off Joey?
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
All right, we should call somebody.
Why are so mad at him?
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Well then we still have a problem.
We'll discuss it, in the morning!
No because it-it didn't seem important.
Please, guys, we have to talk.
Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.
Change! Okay, sit down. Two seconds.
No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"
We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.
They won't take you to the vet.
Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
If you want, I'll do it.
Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Then get over yourself! Grow up!
Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
Has somebody been drinking my fat?
This doesn't mean anything, does it?
Ok, um, I'll go with you.
Okay, can we please go eat?
Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.
What did they do to you?
All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
But, I put some honey in it.
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
Oh, I'm sorry. Can I get you something?
Chandler, why are you doing this?
We're never gonna find anybody.
Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Never call me from that phone.
All right, I'll try not to.
Well at least, I'm going to mute it.
Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second.
That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Well I'm Monica Geller, ball like a baby.
Wow. That is not a happy hi.
God, what is wrong with me.
What are you guys doing here?
What are you guys doing here?
Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Oh. Why didn't you take her?
I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.
Hey, it's good to see you!
Put all my money in me.
Here you go. You can wear this.
Oh well, it's not so bad.
My parents will be so happy.
Ross, I thought you were over this.
Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Chandler! What are you doing here?
That's probably what they'll say.
Why don't you just call her?
Joey! You didn't even know her!
Do you not remember the puppet guy?
I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
I know.. it's gonna be really hard.
The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
These aren't for you! Are you upset?
I know, but look at me all tan.
So, Chandler, who's on your list?
You've never met Bob, have you?
How many fingers am I holding up?
I can't believe we're living here!
Oh, let's not tell this story.
Do you want me to pick you?!
Look at you, you won't even look at him.
This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
I would love to do it together!
Well, maybe you don't need them.
Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Yes! You are so smart! I love you.
Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
But you live here! You know that.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
Just some stuff for the party.
Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
You really think that'll work?
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Hang on a second I just got in.
Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
We were shopping, and we had lunch.
Okay. Okay, I'm ready. Come on big fella!
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
'Fraid so. Brown hair, green eyes...
What about when I started dating Chandler?
Blow drying what, you have no hair.
Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
That's it big girl! Come on!
Oh my God, I was thinking four.
Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Please tell me it's his mother.
Okay, just get a lot better. Fast.
You are not a freak. You're a guy.
Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you!
I don't know what else to say.
You're gonna do some feet flirtin'!
Oh, thank you! What's going on?
Did you break up with her?
Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
Joey, that paper's like a year old!
It's good to see you too.
No, it's more like a good luck.
I don't think mine likes me either.
Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.
Hey, I thought you already had one.
Me going out with Richard's son.
There was just one woman, wasn't there?
We didn't give you any money!
Wait, now so you joined the gym?
It's kind of an important one!
It's kind of an important one!
Let's get the show on it!
What are you doing with those?!
What else did you think about?
I can't believe you're getting married!
Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
He's not boring! He's just-he's just low key.
All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
No! Rachel is meeting us here.
Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
I'm gonna set them to my time.
Well if you want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
Come on! It wasn't that bad!
Hey Rach, aren't these candlesticks mine?
Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship!
Yes you did. You absolutely sold me...
There's an ad for a naked chef?
Okay that does sound like fun.
: OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No.
Let me get you some coffee.
You just wanna each take one?
It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
What are you talking about? What wedding?
Stop sending food to our apartment.
Who cares? He works in a museum!
OK, here you go. Good luck.
You're not gonna be phased out!
We, we just wanna see the end.
You want some help with that?
And this goes for all guys?
What does she mean by 'involved'?
Eh, we weren't that close anyway!
I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Okay. So, which boxes are mine?
Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Excuse me, where are you going?
Well, how bout just her mom?
You guys, I am not that bad!
Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?
She sent the chicken back again?!
That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
I've been great, just great. How have you been?
They're still in my coat.
That's right. Did you hear something?
I can't believe you let them win!
Are you funny? Tell us a joke!
OK, if you say stop, then we stop.
Oh, yay. Ok about that two.
That's because I'm in front of them.
What are you trying on now?
You need to give him money.
You have got to go home!
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Chandler? Can you give me a hand?
So, what are you saying now?
I swear you said you had the keys.
God, I feel so guilty about Ross.
It's coming from the living room.
So, are you ready to go?
So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Gunther, can I get a coffee to go?
Oh great! Did you get a movie?
Okay well I think...that's your answer.
And I'm going to go get drunk.
Four, please. I'm really nervous. Thank you.
Oh God, you fell off the wagon.
Did he just say 'Monica bang'?
Yes. But all the other ones.
I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
You're not supposed to look!
Guys, you got your hair cut.
Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante.
I'll pick it up for you!
Why would they think they're invited?
Where do you want to start?
Do you know anything about women?
Shut up! This place is a hole!
Ross, when's this comet thing start?
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
No! Joey, we swore we'd never tell!
Good, they feel good, in my head.
So have you called her yet?
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Oh my God. He threw up?
I thought you could use the help.
Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo.
Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.
Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?
Why, do you write him a lot?
Oh, So you can move them!
Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
Have you guys picked a date yet?
Yeah, it's just something I picked up.
Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Oh, hey! Oh good, you brought food!
Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
A kiss? What are you talking about?
Pete, can I get you something else?
Have you found your dress yet?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.
Right now, Joey and Chandler's, go now.
You look fabulous honey, you really do.
You're plans were with us.
You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.
Why don't you just get a roommate?
We'll be waiting for you...
Oh, is everything in the car?
Are you serious? Oh my God.
Okay, throw it straight this time.
Shut up!! It just got interesting!
Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Did you go home and change?
Do you know what's a bad idea?
And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.
Well, at least you scared someone.
Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
Well, I just caught the live show.
All right. Honey, that's-that's a sleeve. Okay?
Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
There you go, enjoy your coffee.
We're with you. We got it.
Wow. Joey, how do you do it?
Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
I'm quitting!! Woo-hoo! I'm okay!! I'm all right!!
Rachel, the cute doctors are here.
My God! Is this a gym card?
So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?
Oh that's too bad. It's true, but too bad.
All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.
What the hell are you doing?!
No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Ross, he's got the remote again.
He's totally flirting with you too.
Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
Ok everybody, it's time for flan.
Rach, does this have nonfat milk?
I'm checking out the restaurant with Pete.
Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
I-I already told him everything! You shush!!
No, that is what the game is.
Chasing him all around the room?
Oh my God, it was incredible.
You gave my father a lap dance!
What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
OK, I'll see you later babe.
Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!
Rach, did you check the machine?
Yes, but you are dead inside.
Then I won't have to kill you.
I'll help you fix your sweater.
She's my favorite character on DOOL.
Oh that's sweet. Don't touch me.
Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Did you just smell my hair?
And you know what? We want a rematch.
What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
I don't have her number, butt-munch.
What if I turn out the lights?
You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
Well, you're not working either.
Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!
No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
Heads up Ross! Score! You suck!
Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
Oh, right! I completely forgot about that.
We were just waxing our legs.
Oh my God, you're a freak.
So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
I was trying to help out a squirrel.
Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Okay, you ready to open yours?
But no. Maybe if I were baking.
Oh-ho, look what I got Julio.
Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
You start working on that list.
Shoot! We're out of soda.
There is no alley behind Macy's.
Yeah, like you're gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
What if they get mixed up?
Hey! My first review is out!
So-so you would've just lied?
Phoebe, your liver is right here.
I make the decisions, and I say no.
Wow! That guy is so rude!
Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
Okay, let's go!! Let's hit the road!!
What is wrong with this freezer?! Ow! Ow!!
Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
I am so glad you said cooks.
Ooh, are you gonna do magic?
So you're free Thursday, then.
This is not the bed I ordered!
How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
But we can go, right?
Oh that's an eye removal machine.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Oh, but wait I do have a globe.
And! We also have speaker phone.
Yeah! She's right in there!
That's what you say about porn.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
What are we gonna do?
Richard's living room, drinking wine.
You wanted it to be a surprise.
You wanted it to be a surprise.
Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.
Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
You know what? You're right.
Hon, you gotta talk to Joey.
We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
You made a joke right? So I laughed.
Oh, he's catching up to her!
No really, they're OK.
No really, they're OK.
So it's okay to date a student.
Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!!
Then I've gotta go. Bye.
Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
So we're back on?
All right? What's going on?
Okay. That was her right?
You got it from Pottery Barn?!
So you didn't leave the bank?
We have got to wash that!
Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
So, should I call him back?
I thought she just had one.
I used to love to play restaurant.
I mean really, think about it.
Is-is-is that message old or new? Old or new?! Old or new?!
Weren't you asked to leave sonny?
So um, who was she?
I can't believe he did this.
I can't believe he did this.
Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Come on Rach, let's go.
Oh, this is so great.
What a minute, what did he say?
Are you sure you're okay?
Nooooo. You're really not going?
Okay, now you're even cuter!!
That was me and Ross.
How was your first day?
How's it going with her?
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
Please, I'm not going for anything.
It's gonna be so great.
Well, thanks, we like him.
Hey. It's him. Who is it?
She will be after tonight.
Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Why would we do that?
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Okay, well I do know you.
Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
Five more and I'll flash you.
Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Oh my God! I love him!
He might still show up.
Oh yeah, what are you reading?
Shrill?! The wedding is back on!
Boy, that was-that was, umm... terrific.
Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
You can not do this.
Y'know what? I'll think you'll play.
Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Rachel, that's all we do.
I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel said everything was okay.
I need more swordfish. Can you get me some more swordfish?
Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts.
It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
Hey, Rach, how was work?
We are not going to whistle.
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Because then I don't have to!
No! You can't do that!
Oh well, where is he?!
Was it really that good?
God Ross, what is that?
So maybe we should just. . .
Okay, we're gonna need a distraction.
What? We could do it!
Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
I so wanna be attracted to you.
We're not doing anything.
Rachel, how did this happen?
All right, all right, at least I'm prepared.
Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone.
All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
What're you gonna do?
What're you gonna do?
Wait, he's not here yet.
I thought that was a good thing.
Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?
Oh, she's gonna love that!
Phoebe, I did not have sex.
Phoebe, I did not have sex.
Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
Why, how much is that?
Well, bye for me too.
I'm talking about me having a baby.
Well, get it off now!
How? I don't have any money.
You're jealous of Princess Caroline?
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Stop it Chandler. I'm sorry too.
Are we still on that?
How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
Here, take a couple of these.
Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
How does she do that?
Phoebe, stop writing about us!
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
Oh my God! I love that!
Well, what did you do?
Why? Do you have a report due?
Still, I was quick as a cat.
But you told them you weren't?
We'll put buckles on it.
yep, that's me, I am that stupid .
OK. Just for a little while.
No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Let's see, today's Monday... Never.
So how does it look?
Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
That was gonna be my opener.
Ooh, and I can do this.
Really? I only had two glasses.
See if he has ice.
Do you not see it?
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Hey, guess what I'm doing tonight.
I'm just trying to spice it up!
Well we... we kinda broke up.
So, did you do it?
Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.
What's going on with you?
Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
What? It's still going on.
So you watched the movies huh?
Ross, she's 25 years old.
Wow Joey, this is, uhh...
I never stop thinking about it.
All right, check me out.
Rachel, there's nothing in it.
Would you look at them?
Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy.
I have some pretty exciting news!
This is so much fun!
Yep, we wanna get married!
See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?
Phoebe, it's been two days.
Oh, just until the glue dries.
Why did they get divorced?
Joey, you don't have too!
Oh man! I did it again!
Oh, you look so great.
Give me the good stuff.
What were you doing in Africa?
What kind of karate is that?
Chandler is such an idiot!
Sweety, what are you talking about?
It's hard for some people!
I do not like that woman!
Yeah, well, is that better?
Something to remember me by!
What are you up too?
Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs.
She's leaving for three months.
Oh my God! Well push it in! Push it in!
All right, I...I have to ask.
Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
What did you just say?
They really were pretty, weren't they?
Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Why would you do that?
I'll take care of it.
Uh-oh, it was bad?
Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.
Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?
Joey look it's really sweet...
Oh my God! What happened?
I miss Rachel. No, my parents.
Alright, we have to talk.
I need to get some Richard.
Hi.. how was the game?
Okay, it's ready. Come on.
Ooh, Phoebe, you look great!
Joey, do you work here?
What are you doing here?
Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.
You still work at the multiplex?
Thirty-two! Seventy-one! Hike!
Chandler what do you say?
See? It's no big deal.
It might be kinda cool.
I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.
You really ok with it?
This woman's living my life.
What are you the memory woman?
This isn't even my dress.
Alright, you wanna feel better?
I really need to talk to you.
Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Oh my God. Richard? Hi!
No-no. Nothing wrong about that.
I am good. I finished my book.
I know! Hey, how's Chandler doin'?
Are you sure this time?
Joey, what are you doing?
It's good to see you
What did you tell them?
Yes it has! I made cookies!
Who are you talking too?
Noooo! I'm lying. I am so drunk.
What about these? These look the same?
So do them for free.
Who are they killing off?
Hell no, we'll pay!
You don't even know me...
Thank you so much Phoebe.
Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!
Okay. I love you so much.
But my clothes are-ohh!
But my clothes are-ohh!
Sure! Okay, you go first.
It's Chandler! Are you OK?
Oh, this is so hard.
Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
I need to borrow a hundred bucks.
So-so there is no party.
Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
Why isn't it working out?
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Okay, here comes another camera.
Who? Is that your sister?
No. He's not a horrible guy.
Haven't you and I covered that topic?
Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
I was in too much pain.
Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
I can't believe you did that.
I can't believe you did that.
Rach! It's me! Pick up!
Yeah. That-that was the problem.
Oh my God it's old!
Then why did you move?!
Well, what about his family?
Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.
Yeah, I thought it was cute.
Your a poet and don't know it.
Y'know what?! I gotta go! Ugh!
Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
So you had fun, huh?
That can't be your father.
It's for their own good.
You don't have any stuff.
Friday's perfect...She can't wait.
Yeah, thanks. You know what?
Thanks. I think you got it!
Why do you need it?
I'll get it! Happy Thanksgiving!
That was a half an hour?
Yeah, well they suck too.
Rach, he's a friend of ours.
Okay. Let's bring it in.
Please, it's a relief is what it is, is what it is.
So'd you guys have fun?
I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
The wedding starts at six.
Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Joey that is so sweet.
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert.
The baby shower for Phoebe!
What have I not told you?
Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Really? My God, he's really cute.
Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Hey! Good, you're home!
Chandler, what were you thinking?
Joey, you had the night!
Oh, dad, turn it off.
Oh, dad, turn it off.
I know it is the best.
Haven't we made this decision?
Well, she saw the ring.
Stop it!! That's not funny!!
Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this.
OK, try this salmon mousse.
Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
You're doing it again.
Okay, knock yourself out, Larry.
Rach? What are you doing?
Third door on the left.
You got a callback too didn't you?
How's the big anniversary dinner?
What's that supposed to mean?
Which one was Pete Carney?
Yes, you're having a boy!
Look, I- I could go on pretending-
When did I sign for it?
The park huh? A public place.
All right, what's goin' on?
Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
You can spill. In the sink.
Oh, none for me. Thanks.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
You realize what you are don't you?
Why would I have the keys?
Nothing. I don't kn-Umm. I don't know. Umm...
Alright, here you go, sweetie.
You broke a little girl's leg?!!
Hey, have you seen Rachel?
No, I just talked to them.
Then, I'd steer clear of Phoebe.
So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
That's it! Dinner is over!
Aww, thank you. Uh Rach?
Yes that would be lovely.
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Yeah! I bet I can do it.
Come in! Come in! We're engaged!!!
Come in! Come in! We're engaged!!!
That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
Sit down! We're winning!
What the hell is this?
How'd you pay for them?
Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
The Luisa from home room!
...I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.
Are you saying I smell bad?
Well you did a little bit.
Great, now he's waving back.
And lucky means, more cleavage?
No, you're the best.
No. See you don't understand.
Thank you. They're yours.
How about, you're moving!!
Let me ask you a question.
What is wrong with you?!!!
Huh. What's doofus spelled backwards?
He's gonna eat the cake!
Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.
Oh no! What's the matter?
Why do I have to decide?
Pete's breaking up with me.
Hey, aren't you up next?
Yeah, let-let-let's pretend that's not true.
You al-you already had it?
Kinda like your Barca lounger.
Oop, your cake is ready!
This is my favorite part.
Hi, nice to meet you!
You have to go to London!
All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
Ross, we can handle this.
Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!
What is it?! What about Pete?
Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
No-no-no! We need something old!
I used to wet my bed.
And you're cute too.
And you're cute too.
Looks like he's playin' baseball.
What happened in Atlantic City?!
Well, we certainly are alone.
Well, we certainly are alone.
Honey, sweetie, by the edges.
All right, be my guest.
Wow! You are really fast!
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
Rachel! That was a library card!
Hey, did you pick a roommate?
Are you through with that?
Guys, we bought the tickets.
Score! Now can we go?
Did I squeeze it too hard?
He- he pooped in my shoe.
Isn't he an architect now?
Yep! And lot's of it!
Who the hell are you?!
You're on the phone!
Oh, they-they sent me home.
Your mother told you this?
What are peanut butter fingers?!
We're switching rooms again.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
You didn't know that already?
Yes! Have you seen it?
I don't know, I lost it all ok. I lost it.
Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
Well, who's voice was that?
It's the heat. And-and the humidity.
Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
Oh-ho-ho, we've got company.
'Cause you invited your assistant.
Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh!
Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.
007 gets all the ladies.
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
You're not on TV.
I'm so glad you liked them!
Hey, check me out, I'm a slut!
It is not over! You're over!
Could not be more terrified.
What, he doesn't like Josh?
What was the dream about?
It was a really beautiful service.
What took you so long?
Then why are you laughing?
I can't believe you bought this.
It's my New Year's resolution!
How are you still single?!
And Mindy, your maid of...?
You're kidding?! That's great!
Hey! You're wearing pants!
Wait! Wait! This isn't take-out!
You stole them from me!
Okay, he's a senior in college.
Chicken Soup for the Soul?
Love is the best medicine.
That is sooo not true!
Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
Look at you. All jealous.
Would you just open it?
What is the worse part?
Yes, you are so smart!
You owe me 20 bucks.
Then why are you smoking?
Because the winner gets this!
Oh, did you catch him?!
You gave her food poisoning!?
Pulling what? It's second down.
From here to the airport?
Nobody cares about the Dakotas.
Just waiting for you sweetie.
Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .
It's 9:30 in the morning!
Well, it just seems that...
I mean don't you trust her?
God, you are so strong.
I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana.
I'm sorry that I borrowed your gloves
Eh, you work for that.
What happened to your teeth.
I do not have baby fever!
Did you make brownies today?
She lets you borrow them.
Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
Electrical plans for the building.
I think you're my favorite.
Oh, look, he's waking up!
Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.
Is your tongue swelling up?
Maybe, do you need a tissue?
He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Oh, I can't pass for 22?
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
But, I just cleaned the bathroom.
Oh yeah, what's the plan?
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
C'mon give me five more. Five more.
I gave you a key for emergencies!
Well you should be embarrassed.
And slept with the professor.
Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Does that smell bother you?
Yeah but I'm not keeping it.
Why did you hire me?
Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Oh yeah, picked a guy, 37135.
Well what did you send?
Yep! You got the tickets?
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Phoebe, is this the recipe?
Okay. Don't you want a cookie?
Oh. Maybe they're- napping.
Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
What? You bet I'd lose a nail?
Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Is it the Italian guy?
Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
Demi Moore is not a he.
Why? Because of the government.
It's a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
You're a really good kisser.
Oh, why is it unfair?
Yeah, but without the costumes.
Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
You're so efficient. I love you!
Ross they're really, really, really white.
I'm so glad you liked it.
No we're not.
You did it! You got ordained?!
All right, you're hired!
I'll be right there!
Okay, in we go.
That noise you just made?
All right, come here!
Nah... not-not special enough.
Yeah, we really do!
Yeah, what is it?
What's with all this sand?
Don't come in here!
And who pays for that?
Okay, this one I like!
No it is not!
I'll be right back.
Ross, there he is.
Okay. I can do that.
Oh, just do it!!
Can we come in?
Chandler, I said I was sorry.
How did work go?
Hi, come on in.
I just... can't do it.
You're going to China?
Is there? Is there someone else?
People! People say it! Come here!
What are you smiling at?
I don't know why I'm here.
Ten dollars an hour.
Strip Happy Days Game?
Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
We're so sorry.
Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
Don't you have to pee?
What was it for?
As much as they love you?
Well Rachel's not here!
You just carry that around?
Ok, then just go.
What?! You slept with Jason?
You want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
They're nice guys.
What if they don't?
Does anybody want these?
Oh, here's a great one.
See he's nice. Right?
Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
Hey! How was it?
Hey, what's going on?
Hell, I wanna see Joey.
Feeling a little better sweetie?
Hey, I know I what I want!
Just...please tell him.
I'm gonna start getting ready!
Okay fine, now Ross...
Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
I don't think there's anything.
You look cute in bubbles.
That's that weird voice again.
So, how'd it go?
Twelve dollars an hour.
Guys, what's going on?
Oh my god good?
Joey, what's going on?
Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Well actually, Ross doesn't.
But they like it!
Here we go again.
Soakin' up all the culture.
How did it go?
So what'd he say?
Oh God, I'm so sorry.
Put your head back.
Oh, now you want a pad.
Well...I'd better get going.
Ohh, how is he?
007 has a fancy car!
In 1981 you were 13!
Wait! What about Joey?
Well no, but um.
I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...
I love this friend thing!
Oh, we have some...
All right then. Bye.
Really? Who's number two?
I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.
Because they made me.
No time for that!
No time for that!
Where were your parents?
Not as each other!
You used to have carpet.
So what's Phoebe like?
And that would be?
It's so good, isn't it?
Hey umm, what's this?
That's what it sounded like.
Cause I already invited her.
What? I didn't say anything.
Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Oh my-Oh good God!
Uh-huh, that one!
No you're not.
Oh no, wait! Joey!
Well, you're not.
Oh, that'd be great.
Just the matter of ...payment?
Oh that's so great!
Sure, I love this part!
Hey, are you okay?
Honey, we gotta go!
Yes, is that okay?
About a half an hour.
This doesn't feel weird!
I thought there wasn't a ball?
Oh, you're right.
Oh God! I gotta go!
We're sorry honey.
Did she leave a number?
Fine, go have sex.
Nothing. I'm gonna take a shower.
Hi Pheebs, what's up?
Are you all right?
We are! Help us!
Okay. Here's the thing.
He could hear me.
I'm not your best friend?
Oh, god help us.
Wasn't there a little song?
What? I don't see anything.
Hey! There you are!
Then what is it?
No Phoebe I am mad!
Here, let me try.
You're gonna what?
Oh, put him on!
Or! A bakery delivery person.
Oh, wait a minute honey.
Ross will do it.
Yeah, am I in it?
Maybe I could do it.
We'll talk later.
Oh, there's banana on it.
Hey! Don't be a baby!
Yeah, there you go!
Hello. Oh, hey Ross!
That's not gonna work.
That's a good call. Right.
That is never good.
I bet this will work!
I bet this will work!
No, I'm wearing a wedding dress.
Okay, I'm not getting this!
No, I haven't seen him.
Now calm down Joey.
Ok, here, watch this.
He doesn't have anyone.
Pheebs, how's it going?
Hey Phoebe! Guess what?
No it's not, it's second.
I can't! I have to work!
Kinda. Oh my God!
And Rachel. And that's Chandler.
Ross, are you okay?
You did not go!
What was her name?
Why is Ross naked?
There's my little boy.
You'll do what?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
I got you the foot massager.
Our guy's a great dancer!
Phoebe, what is it?
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
..I dunno, a little too Alan?
Why is everything different?
Now, open your eyes.
W-wait. What is that?
Hey, where is everybody?
I'm so happy for me.
Did you just flick me?
Did you just flick me?
The best man? Wow!
This totally makes sense!
So! He'll understand!
Never done that before.
This was your idea?
Y'know maybe a little bit!
I-I-I think you look great.
He hates me. My nephew hates me.
Okay...who are you?
What were we thinking?
Ooh, this always happens.
Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
I'm not talking to her!
Joey, this is you!
I didn't take a pregnancy test.
Well put it back.
Good for you, Joey.
Joey, promise me something.
Give them to me.
We don't, we don't wrestle now.
I feel terrible, I really do.
I know, it is isn't it?
Phoebe, that stuff is...
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
No, give me the...
Could you not look?
I know. I just can't find...
Sorry we're late.
How did that happen?
You look great too.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
There were only twelve.
Did you like it?
Two girls and a boy?
Oh, I already have one.
So are you ok?
So then you know?
Really? Your work laugh?
Say you're sorry.
Say you're sorry.
Do you love her?
You don't have the guts.
Well, apparently she does.
Ross, cough drops, please?
That's ok. I'm sorry I poisoned you.
How are you doing?
Know when to stop.
I love you too Chandler.
I love you too Chandler.
What do you say?
How have you been?
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
That's-that's not Phase Three.
Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
Well then get it, get it!
So she's a woman! So what?
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Well, uh, he's a doctor.
I never knew that either.
Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
You need one too?
In like a half-hour?
No. I hate this part.
Would you please go?
Hey! I didn't know either.
What did you say?
What did you say?
Oh, that's too bad.
I think you look fine.
I can't find garbage bags!
I'll call you back.
Rach, here's your mail.
You could do that!
Rach, wait, I can cancel...
You are just the sweetest.
That's not even a game!
There's more beer, right?
Chandler, I'm gonna die a virgin!
Who wants it? Anybody?
Give it to me.
Give it to me.
We didn't order cake.
And he's a great brother!
It's Monica, open up!
It doesn't say that!
Men are such idiots.
Oh boy me too!
Because it's my apartment!
Yeah. Where were you?
Where have you been?
What are you doing?!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Aww, not right now.
Wow! A lipper from Chipper.
I am not high maintenance!
I wanna wear this everyday.
I don't need a tissue! I'm fine-d!
Here's your tea Phoebe.
Oh, I ordered mine first.
I know. I need more pie.
Dr. Burke, it, it's me.
Sometimes I have bad dreams.
Excuse me Mr. Mexico.
Well, uh, I ate some.
We haven't eaten yet!
He is so amazing.
Wow, this really sucks.
That doesn't seem fair.
Oh my God, Richard.
Ah, the other Jack.
How do you feel?
How do you feel?
I'd do anything for you.
Okay everybody, let's go! Let's go!
Okay, you're fine.
You didn't find her?
You didn't find her?
Y'know, I never saw that.
No, none at all.
Stick out your tongue.
Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
It's very interesting, Phoebe.
It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
What? I-I said you had a-
What's hard to believe?
Well, it's getting late.
Well, it's getting late.
They've arrested Monica.
Ooooh! And-and-and what-what's this?
Okay, I freaked out a little.
You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
Aw, it's soo unfair.
Too strong for me?
Oh. Hi, Mr.Heckles.
It's almost our anniversary!
Then what's the problem?
Well, what's the job?
What-what are you doing?
What?! What are you doing?!
You thought about that?
What's the big deal?
Awww. But still no.
No, that's not mine.
Well, I was having a conversation.
We both do that!
okay, Pheebs, theyre gone.
Hi...May I help you?
Just go get some! Go!
Ross, thats my jacket.
It's not your birthday.
He is right, isn't he?
No, she's out shopping.
Pass the cheese, please.
Um, I'm not actually Amish.
No, I just, I fell down.
Bye sweetie, I love you.
Phoebe, what's the matter?
The second sister dies?!
Don't worry about it.
Well, what's the part?
I'm so happy for you!
All right, you ready?
Oh, that's sounds great.
I can't go to lunch!!
You have other friends?
The green dress? Really?
I think you're done.
Honey, what's the matter?
How about Mockolate mousse?
We're hanging out.
Well, don't 'cha wanna?
I gave you one job!
What the hell happened?!
That was a terrible throw!!
You did a minute ago!
That is so sweet!
I'm really gonna miss you.
Are these the shoes?
That is not true!
Rachel locked the door.
Whoa! Are you okay?
Yes you did. Absolutely.
This is my dress!
No, here's your mail.
How, how did that happen?
How-how did that happen?
Have you seen Chandler?!
Have you seen Chandler?
You become friends after?
How 'bout just a boom?
Phyllis sees what I'm doing.
No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
Hey! How's it goin'?
Oh that's so sweet.
Makes me wanna puke!
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
Yeah! Roses or Lilies?
Well, you're-you're sweating.
You know, a party, or--
He took my snack!
Thank you soo, much.
Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!
Home is Home Star stew.
Oh, an old glove?
Why is it sick?
Can I ask you a question?
He hates to lose.
Not at these prices.
Here you go sweetie.
Barry who you almost...?
Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3!
No, just a Friday night.
Anything larger back there?
He asked you out?!
But, we pick again! We pick again!
I don't know, clean places?
Maybe I do! I'm pretty feisty!
Yeah, that's a big step.
When, when did-how, how did you...
Y'know...go! Go! Right there!
Or Spin the Bottle?
You are so cute.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Oh, that is amazing!
You had no relationship!!
I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
And his puppet too.
Yeah, no, me neither.
You said the baby.
And that's Pete's Mom.
What are you crazy?!
That sounds like Nana.
Joey, speed it up!
Y'know what, I like Kathy.
Does it involve travel?
Does it involve clogs?
So, did I hear Poconos?
Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
In case it happens.
Oh, that's great! Congratulations!
We're switching rooms.
So how was Joan?
What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that!
Yeah, I'll have a scotch...
How was that possible?
Are you okay, sweetie?
No, I will not cave.
Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
You keep saying that.
What's wrong with PBS?
Okay, here's your penis!
What kind of changes?
I'm changing out of this.
You're his bitch.
He's retiling my floor.
You and me both.
Hey! How was sailing?
Do you all promise?
Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
You're meeting Richard?
What happened to Janine?
Ross didn't scare you?
You just asked me.
I don't have an atlas.
Oh, honey, the earrings...
Rachel, you and Mark?!
What about your breath?!
Oh, you're kidding.
They have racquets don't they?!
How'd the lecture go?
Wow, is that Michelle?
Oh, why? Why? What happened?
How-how are you, Mom?
Really, is he a swimmer?
Got the keys? or Got the keys!
No, sweetie, I-I trust you.
Okay. Oh! A coloring book!
Eldad, this is Rachel.
It's like two miles!
'Kay, here you go.
Do you have a plan?
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Why do you do it?
How do you do that?
That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.
Some moms do that.
How who wears it?
Ross, that is gorgeous!
Wow! You made a profit!
Rachel! Let me in! Rachel!
You painting his toenails?
Come on, no peeking!
Can you blame him?
It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
What's with the guitar?
Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him!
You sold me out.
You sold me out.
Oh, then go Vassar.
Are you still awake?
I'm not a baby, you're the baby.
The oven is on.
What uh-What did you-What?!
Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Oh-my-god Rachel! Rachel!
That is so unfair!
Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.
No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
That's right Patrick, bye-bye!
You have dinosaur checks?
Whoa whoa whoa! Where're you goin'?
you don't have insurance?
I mean, was it Gina?
We all chipped in.
He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.
You're Lewis Posin.
Whatever you decide, whatever you do.
Rachel, get the book! The book!
You're kidding! Where? Where?
Weeeell, it's rum, and-
And who laminated it?
What about the closeness?
I think she's here.
No! I'm not okay!
No, we don't.
Well, no. But...
I'm getting married next!!
She's right there.
Happy New Year.
Honey! Dinner's ready!
Chocolate-chip pancakes!
So, what's this.
Yeah, I do know.
Happy birthday dad.
No he's not!
Where ya going?
Ross? Let's go.
Phoebe, tell her!
We are there!
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
You're not a senior?
Oh, I-I don't know.
Oh, I-I don't know.
Joey that is horriable.
What is it?
What is it?
What is it?!
Don't do what?
Phoebe, wait a minute!
Oh, yeah, right.
Oh yeah right!
What is it hon?
I don't think so.
Well, I think so.
Viva Las Gaygas!
Rachel's at work.
Okay, I'll go!
We have one.
Lucky bastard! Janice.
Come on! Chandler!
Okay, come here!
All right, sorry.
Look at this.
Really?! How much?!
We'll see.
We'll see.
Hey, what's that?
Um... hi there.
Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! Are you okay?
Is that all?
Is that all?
Goodbye Mr.Heckles.
Yeah that's right.
All right then.
That was me.
No it's not.
We're good.
What about me?
I can do that!
That's all right.
What was that?
Rachel's not here.
One two three.
Hey, what's up?
I can't do it!
Oh, I think so.
Is Joey here?
Woo-hoo, stuud!
Woo-hoo, geeek!
In...in two weeks.
You're an opthamologist.
Umm, well, he's...
I think so too.
Wafer thin ice!
There's only one.
I like that. What?
Hey. Where's Joey?
Huh, wanna bet?
Yes, we are.
And did he?
Hello, Mr. Heckles.
You flicked me first.
I like them a lot.
Over here dad.
Please, have some!
We'd love too.
We should go.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Thunder being stolen!!
What's with him?
Ross isn't here.
Hi Mr....Bing.
Who is this?
I'm sorry but...nothing.
Oh my God!
Oh my god.
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Oh.... my... God.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God! Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my god.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh My God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Fine! Happy Anniversary!
Not any more!
Not any more.
What's going on?
Another good point.
All of us.
Oh yeah? When?
Oh yeah? When?
Yeah, me too!
Yeah, me too.
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
She really left.
Think about it.
How'd it go?
Oh God, yes!
Oh, Chandler, sorry.
Aww, honey I'm sorry.
I'll do it!
I'll get it.
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
His dancing partner?!
He took off?
What-what's going on?
Yeah, it did.
This is Rachel.
Alright, go on.
GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!
Oh! You're awake!
No! You have lasagnas!
Yeah! Oh yes!
Oh, from who?
Me and Chandler?!
I can't believe this!
Man's got a point.
Okay, I gotta go.
Yeah, it's good.
I am not wrong.
Even with me?
I think I need a drink.
Shut up, I'm happy.
Honey, there's a reason.
Hey, I went up.
I was frustrated with you!
Well, you know.
A hat! Yes! We need a hat.
How's it going?
How's it going?
I hope she's OK.
Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
Do I know you?
Well, thanks anyway.
I could do that.
Isn't this great?
Oh, good. Thanks.
Who is that?!
Where's your bed?
Let's do it!
Yeah, it's great.
Yes, it was!
Don't say it.
Don't say it!
No you don't.
Regular or decaf?
Ross, don't start.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Oh-oh, my God!
Come on Ben.
Who is it?
Who is it?
No that's, that's okay.
Nope, she's perfect.
Well it didn't!
Still smoking cigars?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?
I know, it's great!
Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.
You be okay?
Oh that's great!
Oh that's great!
Oh, that's great!!
What? I'm just said.
She said that?!
You're right.
Let me try.
That was you?
That was you?!
Or incredibly offensive.
All right, you!
Chandler, I think I'm sick.
Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
Shut up, Joey!
OK, um. Goodbye.
But you are?
Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Not even close.
Is someone there?
Phoebe, Ross sucks!
Oh, you're a grandpa.
Are you mocking me?
I can't promise anything.
What kinda stuff?
Oh, no thanks.
That'll work!
Gotta keep squishing.
I lost our mattresses.
Mine? Right here?
His indian name?
Phoebe moved out.
Light still out?
Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy!
I hate this game!
A couple of days.
Nothing, I don't know.
I don't want a cat!
That, you get? That, you get?
We have a baby?
There's our star!
What's wrong Phoebe?
...What did I ask?
Waaay too special.
That's your call.
That's your call.
Here you go.
That's very nice.
There you go!
How are you?
Ross's parents are my parents!
What?! Which one?!
How much longer?
That's much better.
We said six!
Okay, okay. I hate this.
I guess that's how.
What d'you think?
He's... our age.
But my apartment!
Of course not.
My surprise party!
Well, not anymore.
Okay, good luck!
He's so cute.
I have no idea.
Isn't that great?
Put it out!!
That other play?
Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
That's very funny!
Give me that.
Give me that!
Anybody lose this?
Sometimes we were.
Okay. I-I can't watch.
You'll see.
Mom, it's OK.
They're green?
If you want.
Come on eight.
Well, what happened?
Well, what happened?
You look good!
Hey, you guys.
Hey, you guys!
I am the best.
Who's Mr. Girabaldi?
I am. I'm that stupid.
My brother, Ross.
That you're a liar.
Oh, c'mon in.
Phoebe that's crazy!
So I'm kissing everyone?
So what happened?
Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Ok, that's enough.
I'm just easing you in.
Not now, I'm sick!
That's a good idea.
And Monica knows...
You got it.
Rachel always cries!
Does so count!
What's so funny?
Yes, you did!
Yes, you did!
Ohh that's sweet!
Oh, that's nice!
Hate that guy!
Isn't that mine?
Well, didn't you?
No you didn't.
The only problem!
Oh, good luck.
Worked like a charm.
You love her!
That's not funny.
Hmm, bite me.
I won the game.
I am so jealous.
Rachel! You okay?
Wh-what, why?
We're kidding!
Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!
I love you, too.
Did you two...
What if I asked?
I don't want a beer.
Hey. Whaddya doing?
Was he crying?
Yes it's true.
You love me!
You love me!
How desperate am I?
Yeah, you should.
We checked. A lot.
It's Joey's birthday.
What?! Excuse me!
A monkey. Have you seen a monkey?
We won't. 300?
I know I love you!
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
I don't know sweetie.
What?! What is it?!
What?! What is it?
Y'know what's weird?
Come on, hurry!
Okay! Ohhh no!
They were lovers.
Oh shut up!
No, thank you.
No she hasn't.
You can, I know you can!
How ya feelin'?
Wow! It's small.
Here's your key
Would you stop?
Will you stop!
Will you stop!
I was always Joanne.
It's pretty clear.
I remember you did.
Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
It's your birthday!
"See you around?"
Cut it out.
This bottle opener.
That was amazing!
You wanna what?!
Anything but stew.
Very good, so good.
Not a basset, a bassinet.
That's not a question.
Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.
The fake kind!
Are you alright?
Yeah, Ginger something.
Lots of responses.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you!
Damn! It's empty!
Shh!! Wait, what?
Oh yeah. Definitely.
It's Fun Bobby.
I pick you, Phoebe.
What's goin' on?
What's goin' on?
What's Phase Two?
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
And the sex?
And six others.
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
What's the part?
Uh, wait, backstage?
It's Richard Burke.
Hide the Lamp.
What's fish hooking?
That is true.
Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Score!! 7 to nothing!
You'd better run!
I think he's shy.
What, forget it!
No. No, thank you!
Wouldn't you be?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
It's a diaper commercial.
I made you a surprise.
How about receiving?
Are you crazy?!
That's Bill Clinton.
I'm gonna miss you!
No, I really, really do.
It's my TV.
Nah, I got it.
There was nudity!
Oh May 15th.
That was unbelievable!
I think it's romantic.
Aww, thank you.
It's only you.
I highly doubt that.
You bought a boat?
I don't want a ghost.
Dad, I'm the twinkie.
Aren't you gonna...
That's insurance fraud.
Aww! I love you!
No, no, no, that's Dina.
After the snap!
I'm in the shower!
Weren't you nine?!
What? Why, why would...
Ross, the heat!
This is insane!
I'm really not deciding!
The head tilt?
I love you, Pete!!!
Oh my Gosh!
I saved you a seat.
But the mess!
Oh, I love museums!
You made it!
Are you serious?
Are you serious?
Are you serious?!
Are you serious?
I totally forgive you!
Really?! You promise?
Are you alone?
You were invited?!
You're kidding!
We had a characturist!
Mmmm! It's good!
That's not possible!
Watch the thorns!
I got you a present!
Oh, God forbid.
Yes? ..yes, she is.
It's an expression.
I just asked you.
You made pancakes?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
This is disgusting!
No, you cannot.
Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!
You had a salad.
It's that terrible?
That's the surprise!
Did you smoke?
That's my pie!
Well that's pathetic!
That's the couch.
That's so gross!
In the bank.
He loves you.
No-no-no, no! It's sensual!
We have a ladle.
Are you scared?
Oh, my pleasure.
That is wild.
Okay! My turn! My turn!
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
I get the dollhouse!
Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Yeah. It's Dutch.
We owe you?!
Between you and...
Art it is.
And I have costumes.
I read to you.
You dated her!
You know Paul?
What's the charity?
Okay. Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
To the bank.
What is DOOL?
No you robot!!
Are you a virgin?
It's not mayonnaise!!
Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?
You'll vamp?!
One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
And it's a magnet!
Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
Maye it's me.
Cache? Jaunty?
Nighty-nite.
Edward Nevski?
Bonjour, monsieur.
Nestle Tollhouse?!
Hi guys.
Hi guys!
Sorry Joey
Thanks again.
Yeah, so?
What?! Oh.
Ohhhh!! Gross!!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right.
Cat hair.
Every year.
Last night.
Well, I do.
Tell him.
Frozen lasagnas?
Ooh, nice.
Well yeah.
Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!
Hi Chandler.
Hi, Chandler.
Hi Chandler.
Keep talking.
Keep talking.
Well so?
Oh, y'know..
What?! What honey?
No I don't.
Sixty guests.
Yes!! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Very bad.
Ohh, fun!
Really? Why?
What's that?
Sorry, Phoebe.
Yeah, right.
Yeah right.
I hate men! I hate men!
Everybody knows!
Hi Phoebe.
Go on.
Water rules!
Uh, Ross.
Alright, check.
Big time!
What's this?
What's this?
What's this?
Bing's weird.
Pretty much.
Hey there.
I'm, I'm really sorry.
W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Dead leg!!
Uh, good.
Oh my!!
Oh my.
Oh my.
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I made them!
Happy birthday!!!
I know I do.
'I drink tea.'
Oh, no...
Oh no!!
Oh, no!
Oh no!
Oh no!
Tomorrow night.
Alright. Phoebe?
I don't know!
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know!
I don't know.
I don't know.
Brides magazines?
Help yourself.
Uh, no!!
Let go!
Let go!
Yo- hooo!
Bye... bye... BIRDIE.
Gimme 'em!
Uh, yeah.
Hi, again.
Christmas cookie?
Look, Phoebe!
Emily's straight.
Ross, can I?
Not now.
Hello, Chandler.
Just go.
I blame London.
I blame London.
That's me.
Very good.
Come on!
Come on!
Come on.
Come on!
Did not.
Did not.
Merry Christmas!!
Good night!
Actually, I did!
Actually, I did!
Take care.
Sorry, Pheebs.
What for?
For what?
For what?
Something wrong?
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Hello, Joey.
I think so.
How much?
No one.
That's okay.
That's okay.
That's okay.
300 dollars?!
Honey, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry honey.
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?!
Why not?!
But what?
Hi, honey.
Hi, honey.
Losers walk!
Uh-huh!
Uh huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Hm-hmm!
Sorry, Rach.
Hey, guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys!
Hey guys.
Hey guys!
It's okay, it's okay.
Ohh, absolutely.
Mm-hmm.
But I didn't.
Which ones?
Mr. Heckles.
Ohhh, nice.
They'r alright.
They'r alright.
Sit down.
Keep going.
No. Why?
Got me.
Okay! Why?!
