Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
Joey, had reasons.
They were threefold.
Open the box!!
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
I sure did!
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
Well it's not Sean Penn.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Uh-huh.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
Maybe.
I think so.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
True story.
They're here already?
It was.
Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Wow!
Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
Then don't leave me!
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Um.. we should really be sitting for this.
Sure we should... So.
Okay.
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Listen to me!
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
That's alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren't supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I'm sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.
I wasn't supposed to put beef in the trifle!
I wanna gooooooo!
And we kinda figured about the porch swing.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
What uh-What did you-What?!
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Okay.
All right, I'm sorry.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
What's the matter?
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Oh, sweetie, oh.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
What?
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's just the way it is.
That's crazy.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Hi.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Oh well, no I...
I-I-I think you look great.
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
What woman?!
Chelsea.
Can I be that guy?
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
I'm...happy...for you?
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.
You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie.
Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Hello.
Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Wow! Umm....
I dropped a cup.
Oh, this is so great.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
See if he has ice.
Okay.
Oh. Oh!
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
I-I'm sorry?
No look, I-I'm sure that people know you exist!
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita!
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Sure.
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
So...What?
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Saw a girl with that vest.
Thanks.
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh?
We're on in 3, 2,
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.
Yeah?
I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.
Mmm-mmm.
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
You didn't know that already?
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
Phoebe...
Yeah?
That's so sweet.
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
You probably want us to move in together?
It doesn't scare me!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
Hi. Hi.
What are you doing here?
...I'm, I'm okay.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
I didn't realize that.
Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
Let me get that. You got five bucks?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
I have actually not heard of that.
Why don't you tell me something I don't know!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
Oowww!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
What did you do when they found out?
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
Oh my God!
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Ohh.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
I am Guru Saj.
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
What's a koondis?
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
Oh.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
When?
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Well so?
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
I stepped in something icky.
Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.
Her name's Debra.
Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?
Sure.
No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.
Uh-huh. G-good deal.
I'm sorry.
Oh my God, I didn't...
Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Except stilts.
Stilts?
Wow.
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
Oh, hi Chloe.
And that's the only colour that comes in.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Yeah, take your time.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Not all bad.
Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
No you robot!!
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Of course, what happened?
I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London-well Shropshire really but y'know-well she's about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you'd like to keep her company this evening?
Rachel! Could I have a moment?
Yes.
Sure. You got it. Great!
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Shut up!
I'm sorry!
Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna...
Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little rain must fall. Fortunately, in my life... It's raining men!
You okay?
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Hallelujah!
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Hi Frank.
Hi, Mrs. Knight.
Yeah, but not just that.
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
You want some help.
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.
Oh God.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
Uh-huh.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
What happened son?
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
Thank you!
Make sure you get this, they're gonna want it for the bloopers show. Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it's gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody's excitement.
Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!
Yes!
Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Okay.
Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?
Yeah, Sarah, anything.
Yesss?
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Oh. Oh, that's great!
Look Joey, there's nothing I can do. Besides, you're probably gonna be out by four anyway. We've just got one short scene. It's just you and Richard, and God knows he's a pro. You'll be fine. Morning Richard.
But you're not bald.
It's not on my head.
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
I'm in love with you.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
Oh, okay.
Wow! Umm....
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Nope. Schhorry.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
Hmm.
Why did you hire me?
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
I-I-I...
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
I came to give you this and this.
Oww! Big ring!
Hold on, you-you knew?
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
It's ok. I'm sorry.
I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
Really? Me?
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Oh?
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.
That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
It's the basketball playoffs.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
How are you?
What are you doing here?
What happened?
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Yeah, you're right.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
My God! You love me!
What?
Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra...
Me too.
Hey! I just heard. What's up?
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Anyone mind if I save this?
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Yeah.
Yeah. Hmmmm.
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Nooo.
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
Don't spoil it.
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
Long story, honey.
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Good luck!
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Daryl Hannah.
Hard quality.
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...
You sure?
Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.
Hey, can I ask you something?
Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I'll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
You're next!!
Okay. I didn't know he was here.
Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
Yes?
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Thank you, sir.
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
Right.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Uh, the usher told us to come...
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
Just relax. Just relax Paul, you're doing great. She likes you. She... Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y'know why? Because you're a neat guy. You are the man. You are the man! I still got it. Nice and sexy. You're just a love machine. I'm just a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! Showtime. I'm just a love machine, yeah ba-by!
Okay.
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
Phoebe!
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?
Hey, Mom? Having fun?
There's more alcohol, right?
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
Why?
Okay.
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
What?!
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
What were you doing in Africa?
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up!
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
You do Pheebs?
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Step away from the duck.
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Monica said that did she?
Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
I came to talk to you about Howard.
Howard?
Oh that's nice.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?
No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
What.
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
Hey.
She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
They do!
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
Okay, bye.
No.
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
So you're the gynaecologist?
Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Thomas, come back here!
You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
...He's in.
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Yo- hooo!
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Oh, yeah?
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Ok, that's so nice.
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
Ohh, ohh.
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
No.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Hhhhiiiii.
Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
Yeah, well.
Oh yeah, I'd love that.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
Hold on, you-you knew?
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
So how long have you known?
And um, and there's actually a, a woman?
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the feeling you had something to do with it.
What do you mean?
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Any time.
Ross.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
That guy Lipson?
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
Yeah, OK.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
So, what are you saying now?
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
It's not a library...
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
When I was six years old.
Hm-mmm.
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.
Thank you. What a bitch.
I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
What?!
What?!!!
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Is it bad?
I'll talk to her.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
All right, on the table.
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert.
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
Cat hair.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
The Waltham Residence.
Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
What are you saying?!
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.
Ooh, erotiery!
Okay.
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
That's totally understandable.
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
I'm a waitress.
Yeah. Gotcha.
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
Are you close with them?
No-no, they're not very nice people.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Okay, great.
I'll catch you guys later.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
On TV?! Yeah!
'Kay!
What the?!
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
It's not random, it's Bob.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
Feelings, such strong feelings.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Chandler!
Mom. Thanks for wearing something.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
What?!
But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
No, Frank.
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
How was that possible?
Okay.
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Oh!
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. Did you hear what I said Bing?
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Oh.
What?
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Since then?!
...I d'know.
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
What?
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
Oh, okay. Hey, two beers.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Your grandmother would have hated this.
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
That sounds like Nana.
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Bob here.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
There is no alley behind Macy's.
Our next cocktail party?
Okay. All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that's your cue to cry. Got it? All right, let's do this.
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
Scene 5, take 1.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Yeah!
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
...Like, ...all of them?
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
I'm 16.
See you in 2003.
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Oh...wait...you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
It's actually going to be just family.
How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look!
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
What a wank!
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
I didn't... I never said that.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Hey, how long are you in the city?
Oh, this is my friend Roger.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
How do you mean?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Tribbiani.
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
How are you honey?
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
What's this?
Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Oh, good. Thisll be fun.
What? What? What?
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Okay, so it's a date.
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Ohh, impressive.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Okay.
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Kinda.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
Why, does she have a bad personality?
Oh no, Bonnie's the best!
What is with him?
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
It's about you.
Oh, okay then.
Good. So what were you thinking?
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
My friend's name is Joey.
Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Okay, but.
Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Yeah!
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
Marry me.
Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.
I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.
Ohhh! That is soo sweet!
All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Like-like what?
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.
Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.
Well, uh, I ate some.
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
Or?
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Nothing I do means anything, really.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Umm, I think you're really, really great...
I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.
Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Julie.
Ohh. Hi!
And bus.
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Oh! Wow! Hey!
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
That's all right, that's well, I figured....
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Y'know what? It doesn't matter! Because it is not true!
Okay.
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
Hey!
Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Here's my binoculars.
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
This bill for my half of the wedding. it's insane.
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge?
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
I-I sure will, take care.
Oh.
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
But it's my car!
Yeah, but it's my wax.
Sure. Here. I'll uh, save your parking spot.
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Wow! What did he say?
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
What are you talking about?
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
I think I lost. Three times.
Uh...Cookie?
Yeah, sure.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
What?!
I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
Oh no!
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Bob here.
What've you been up to?
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Oh hey, Pheebs!
Hey!
Yeah, okay, my bad.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Hard quality.
Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
...And what did you bring?
Janice?
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
...And what did you bring?
Janice?
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
What?!
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
YOU IDIOT!!!!!
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
So you still in touch with anyone from high school?
Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
Is that all?
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
I mean, thats what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
Okay. You've got a small, minor infection in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.
1...2! Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have glaucoma.
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
I don't think so.
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Oh yeah. Definitely.
I, Emily...
I'm sorry Chandler, y'know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don't want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.
Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don't feel that way about you.
Oh no-no-no, that's not-No-no-no!
No-no-Really?!
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Oh, you forgot?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Doug!!
Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.
Are you intrigued?
You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Wow, it is easy. Now, I can have milk everyday.
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
God Ross, what is that?
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
I love you, Pete!!!
Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.
Things change, roll with em.
But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
I'm sorry. See ya.
Monica! Chandler! I'm really-really sorry about tonight. I don't know if Joey told you; I just couldn't get out of going to this play. I'm sorry. Have a great time.
Oh that's too bad.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
'Kay!
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
Ehh, pardon me?
But he has to know how I feel!
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
I wa-
Uuuh.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
Shhhh!
Oh, you said it Mike. Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
I know! I can't wait!
Were you're parents happy, or something?
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Ya know, she's having another baby.
I thought she just had one.
Oh, you're a grandpa.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Umm, I'm still here.
What?!
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
Oh.
Heh?
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Everything?
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
That's so sweet.
Living with you would make me happy.
Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.
I, I know.
Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.
Ok will do. So glad you came.
I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
That is funny.
Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
We have heard you play.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Okay! All right!
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Look, can, can you do something for me?
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
Ah, yeah, umm. Home is never far away..
Home is Home Star stew.
Hmm, bummer.
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Oh my God!! Great!
Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
How about a hammer, or a small blade?
Why- why- why would he need a blade?
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Could you speak up please?
Daryl Hannah.
Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.
beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .
Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she's done.
Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
I'm gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just...
Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!
Oh, what a fun office.
Rachel? Do you smoke?
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
Wh-what's up?
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Oh just say it Kyle!
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
For real?
Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Good bye Ross.
Uh, oh-ho bye.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
The three losers. Oh, poor Lily. Ohh, y'know I-I heard about what happened, that must have been just terrible for you, losing your mother that way.
Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.
Oh, what? What was it?
Yeah, no, it was great.
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
What?
All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
What can we do for you?
Well, what about his family?
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Uhh, yeah.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
That's a defense?
You make up songs?
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
Why not?
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
Yeah?
Are you a virgin?
Really?
Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.
Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn't really leave me much choice. Did you?
Janice.
Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack.
Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!
Not your type?! She's gorgeous!
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Uhh, no-no thanks.
Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!
Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
Oh God. I'm sorry about this.
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
But what about Phoebe?
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Yuh.
Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Sure.
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
We don't have to.
Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
She said what?
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
So that's your second marriage in two years.
Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.
Why not?
'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.
Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.
Knock, knock, knock.
All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don't know, we were, we were making out.
Ohh!!
So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
Tell it again. Seriously.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Oh, I missed you kids. Well, should I put my coat in the bedroom?
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
Okay, what was wrong with that call?
Oh well, all right...um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Oh.
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?
Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
Okay.
Okay, but.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?
Oh! That's fine.
Great! Okay, good for you!
I told you, we're adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?
Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Whatever! What about you Meg?
What?!
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Ross.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Really? That okay, that's great.
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Ugh, tramp!
Does Joey have any idea?
Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. Since when did you start smoking cigars?
Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Hopefully.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
How long do cats live?
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
No, none at all.
None.
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Chandler?
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
I did, but...
Call me!
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It's nice.
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Yes it is.
How do you know?
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
Thanks, Bernice. Let's go away this weekend.
Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
I had a bra.
Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.
Joey, right?
Yeah.
Oh no-no-no, you don't understand...
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Kill me. Kill me now.
Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
My fish, Buddy.
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
You're welcome.
Hate that guy!
You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
Oh, I love you too. But...
No but, no but.
That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
Working with blind kids.
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
No, that was clenching.
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.
No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.
Where did you hear it from before?
I heard that.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Oh, you're not a dingus.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Ahh, forget it! I'll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I'm just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.
Ahhhh! I'm sorry!
No, it's okay, but if I'm Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
Come on man, you're not a potato.
Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
...Flame Boy.
Where exactly is your zoo?
Yes.
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Well, she has issues.
Does she.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
I don't think so. Let's take it back to Richard's last line. Action!
Honey, we gotta go!
No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it's also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing!
You! Chuckles! What's your name?
Oh it's Bing, sir. I'm sorry , I was just ah...
That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations.
Excuse me. You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Hey!
Who isn't?
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Oh sweet Moses.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Nice.
Well yeah, I'm sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Oh God... Why don't they put chairs back here?!
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
My Father is Chuck Magioni?
Oh.
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
Ross!
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
So, does that mean the audition is off?
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
You made him a candle light dinner in the park?
Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Oh. Uh, what?
I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.
Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
Uh, hang out?! How long?
No!
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.
Why not?
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your 4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.
Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Aw, don't do that
Ok, thanks.
Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
My uncle Marcel.
Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Say Rachel, I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me sometime. As my lover! Nnnsch, to out there. Maybe you'd just like to ah, get something to eat with me sometime? As my lover.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Hi!
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
It's all right. Sweetheart.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
All right, I'm leaving! Because I'm not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That's you Rachel!
Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
I just don't see why those two can't work things out!
Yeah, I got that.
Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
Hey.
Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
So. How'd you guys meet?
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Oh!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?
What's up?
But what about Phoebe?
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.
Yes, tell me.
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
So. How'd you guys meet?
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
Well, that's really a different question.
Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
...and I know I'll never miss doing it, but I gotta tell you, it's pretty cool knowing that you're making a difference in a kid's life.
Really?!
Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.
That is so great! Oh, I... Oh my God!
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
I'd really rather talk to him.
Oh.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Not all bad.
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
Hello, is Ross there?
Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Whattaya mean?
Wow. Thank you.
Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.
Ohh, Ross, please!
One more day, seriously/
So, then you can stay as long as you want.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
Oh, wow.
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Oh, I was gonna talk to him about doing something tonight.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
For I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars.
What?
That's Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
He's coming into the audience. He's coming into the audience.
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Wow! What do you do now?
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
Uh-huh.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Looks like that might come any minute.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Happy to.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Looks like that might come any minute.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Happy to.
How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
Ross.
Chandler.
Hey, you guys.
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
Oh, just had a baby.
Mazel tov!
No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
Y'know what daddy? If you don't like Ross, that's fine. It doesn't matter to me, I'm gonna go out with him anyway.
Are you yelling at me?!
God no!
Really?!
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Oh God.
So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?
Dr. Franzblau, hi.
Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Really stupid.
Yeah. No. No...
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
Yeah, isn't that great?
Mmm.
Abso... ...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.
Y'know I have dinner plans!!
Whoa.
Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Chandler is fantastic!!
What?!
Oh, I....
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
Oh my God, who died on this?!
Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?
Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Ahh, ahh, excuse me.
Yeah?
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
She said what?
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!! Here! Hey man, you want the aisle?
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Uh, the usher told us to come...
No, I'm good.
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
It seemed like such a simple idea.
Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
Yeah.
Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys.
I think you played the Gunther card too soon.
No! That's bluffing. Lesson number one. Let me tell you something... everything you hear at a poker game is pure crap. : Nice earrings.
Oh my God!
Really?
Thank y...
I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart, you too Chandler.
Really.
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
You still can't stand her can you?
Ross, it's going to be okay. I'm not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Really?
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
You're strict.
It's for their own good.
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Charles.
It-it's so great to see you both here.
Don't you have a little too much penis to be wearing a dress like that?
Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
Me?!
Nice!
Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You're not feeling left out or anything are ya?
Thank you, sir.
Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.
No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
Hi Rachel. Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Kim, hi.
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
You're our third call tonight.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
About what?
Y'know, about what happened with us.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Oh, they're working on this week, it's a total mess. But uh, I'm staying at my parents' house, we could go there.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
Your parents'?
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
What is wrong now?!
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Okay. Sometimes I feel...
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What is, honey?
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
What?
No, no, don't. Why don't we?
Hey. Oh no it's fine, don't worry about it. Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it's okay. Yeah! I'll talk to you tomorrow. I should uh, probably go.
Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
Oh yeah man. Joey.
Yeah. Yes! Yeah.
Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
Hey.
God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
It'd be even more exciting if we were going.
Oh, you're not going? Oh, why?
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Me too! I'm sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.
Ohh. No that's okay, he's a friend.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
Not to me.
Yeah, fair enough.
Bye Dan!
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
What?
Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
Oh, yeah. I love Jennifer Van Murray's work. She's so brilliantly incisive when it comes to deconstructing the psyche of the American middle class.
Hi, nice to meet you. Kate Miller.
So the ah, play's pretty great, huh?
Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Well, we were...
I'm not asking!
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
One swift kick and he'll back off.
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
Zoo dollars?
Ooohhh.
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
How can I help you?
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Where do I know you from?
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
Ross you left you scarf in... Hey you guys.
Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman's day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000!
Well now it's an empty bar.
You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you?
I won! That was my guess!
Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies have been.
Show me the badge again.
Shiny.
You are just nonstop!
Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?
Eh.
Oh, you got me.
Oh, that sounds great.
Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
Ok, yeah.
Alright. So um, stilts huh?
Ok.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
I think it's great you guys are doing this.
Well, we are great guys.
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
There she is.
Mom!
Pretty much.
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Two.
Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wife...
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
Okay then!
Hmmm, soup! Hmm soup! Hmm, soup!
Oh yeah, no problem.
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we're just gonna be right over there having coffee.
Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, so...
Yeah, so we just thought we'd stop by and let you know there's still no pressure.
Okay.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
Uh-huh, yeah.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Nighty-nite.
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Really? That okay, that's great.
All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
Oh, no I don't.
I did, but...
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Huh.
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Good luck.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
I would love it if I weren't here!
Me?!
I don't think you understand packing. Look, I just don't want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.
I wish I could.
Oh no. Don't, don't, don't start packing. Come on!
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Um, do you wanna sit?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
I am so sorry.
That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
Ummm, I think it's time to see the ring again.
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?
Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.
Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joe! I'm glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!
Wow!
I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.
Oh my god.
It's ok. I'm sorry.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
'Scuse me?
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.
Good for you. Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
That's OK.
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
Hey Phoebe.
Hey Leslie, how'd you know I'd be here?
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I'll be here. Not smoking.
I know.
Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
Chandler.
Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
Or your keys.
Ok.
Before I forget, are we hitting faces?
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
What?!
What.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Joey...
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Oh!
Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom.
Just us.
Oh, what a crappy night!
Excuse me. How ya doin'?
I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.
Yeah. Are we nuts here?
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.
Yeah.
Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it's kinda fun hiding.
Well, whatever works for ya...
No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
Yeah.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
Wow! I did not see that coming.
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
So I was wondering....
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Oh God! I gotta go!
Come on! All the cool kids are eating 'em!
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
No. But that reminds me, sign this.
What is it?
Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
What's going on?
Okay, he sees us. Now don't move. Don't look at him.
You okay man?
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Uh, okay.
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Aww, look who's being suddenly shy. You can't tell me you don't feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
I-I-I-I'm just...I'm just a good kisser!
It's been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.
Hey Ross!
Hey!
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Thank goodness.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Oh well, no I...
I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
I can't believe this.
Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You're a teacher. I'm a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
Uh, I'm a little embarrassed about calling you a hottie on my evaluation...
That was you?
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
I used to love to play restaurant.
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
You think I'm hot?
You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Yes, I will tell her.
Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
Aw, Mom...
I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
No, I, I only know Lipson.
Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
What?! What would make you think that?
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
What?
I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.
No, you started it.
You did!
But...
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Step away from the duck.
Joey!
I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Ohh-ha-ha!
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, I just loved your look when you were bald.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
No! No dessert, just a check, please.
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
Will you excuse me I have to um.....
Hey!
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
Really?!
Well, I, umm...
Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Okay, what about you? Wouldn't you want a date?
Whatever! What about you Meg?
Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric Sorry.
She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
I'm Scott.
Yeah, okay, Scott!
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Wait a minute, you don't have renter's insurance?!
No.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
Well I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh! I'm getting all misty here! You'd think I was having my legs waxed or something.
We?
I know it would make me happy, ma'am.
You okay?
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.
Oh.
I'm a waitress.
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
I'm moving in.
Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Boyfriend?
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
So... they sss-still seem normal.
That's because they are.
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.
Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?
No, can we get back to me?
Alright. Cab driver number two?
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Well...
Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.. ...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.
If you don't do it, I will.
So, um, what do you do for a living?
Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
That could be it.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
No, I'm good.
Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
You really need the bassinet?
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Uh-huh.
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross, I'm gonna go.
Go? Why?
But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Oh that's me, I gotta go.
Oh uh, o, OK.
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Kick save and... denied.
Man you are incredible.
Did you hear that?! I don't need you guys to care about me! Because the universe cares! The whole universe! I really wished they'd care just a little bit though.
Yeah-yeah.
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
Okay, bye.
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
No.
What?!
Uh, hang out?! How long?
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
Well kinda old, like 30.
Oh.
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Okay! All right!
Okay. Okay.
Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
Who's next?
Hi there!
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Thank you.
Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
So, does that mean the audition is off?
What?!
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
The head tilt?
I'm sorry.
The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, barnyard animals.
How did you know there was a but?
I sense these things. It was either but or butter.
I can do that.
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
That's not true?
No.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it!
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
What?! Anything! Anything!
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later.
Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.
Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.
Wow! What a pleasure.
Excuse me. Hi.
Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Oh, will you give me the thing.
Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face.
No-no I heard! I'm just sorry.
It can't happen like this. Okay? I'll meet you back at the hotel.
Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter-Uh, tress!
So Ross was in college and decided to jump at the chance to take a young girl to her high school prom.
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
What a nice story!
Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Because if you feel uncomfortable with your friend dating someone you work for, there are always ways to fix...that.
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
No. I...
Call her! Call her now!
And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
Yes, I realize that...
I love working with designers!
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
What?
Oh yeah, like you never called!
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
You were gonna propose?
Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring?
Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!
I think she means 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon.
Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
She could be you.
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
And the man who made all this possible... Mr. Peter Becker.
Oh, all she said was that I remind her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about?
I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.
Yeah, I'm sorry man.
Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.
This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
Believe me, sometimes that happens.
Really?
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.
Ow! Ross!!
Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.
Please, I'm not going for anything.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
You have some life here, sweetie.
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
For...me.
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
So...What?
Yes!
Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Who knows?
Yes!! I knew it!! Bye-bye! So long! Later!
No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
Um, I'm not.
Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Really?
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
What do we got there?
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
Please, clean my beakers. I don't get out of the lab much.
That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
You're right! You're right. Don't say it.
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Oh but then, they went and dropped you down that elevator shaft.
They gave me the shaft all right.
Well Ahh, yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty.
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
That's OK.
We can't do that.
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
Well because I have to work on Monday, I have a big presentation.
Ok, nothing from the neck up. Or the waist down. Dana's ovulating.
Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
I am so glad that you could come over tonight.
Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
What?
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
My parents will be so happy.
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Actually, no, we're not.
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
God, what a mess.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
But that's what...
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
Thank you! Thank you so much!
Stop!
We'll talk later.
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
Which do I like?
Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
Yes!!
You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
Wow!
You keep saying that.
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Yeah, it's-it's my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would've told you about it, but I didn't know they would be here.
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
Oh.
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Hey!
Hey!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
Yeah... Bunny-rabbit.
So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Look, you wanna use our place?
Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.
Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.
There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
Can we please turn this off?
Noo way, Kevin.
Are you intrigued?
So are ready for the gym? They've got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.
Hey!
Hey.
No, I can spot you from here.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
You're one to talk.
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.
Oh, boy, do they suck.
Hey, listen, lady.... ...whoa.
Oh yeah? And who do you like?
Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I'm basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.
You have really great hair.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
What-what 'cha doin'?
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Yes.
Hey, what's up?
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Yes.
Hey, what's up?
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Are we ready to order?
Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Wow, look at these prices.
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
What?! Why?!
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
Are you guys going to Chandler's for Thanksgiving?
Yeah! Yeah, why? What's up?
For real?
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
Not necessarily...
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
Hi Kim.
Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.
Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
Of course it was a line!
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Insane!
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
It's not?
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
And then... your face is bloated?
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now.
Wow! You are really good at this.
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Hey!
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Like-like what?
Wow!
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
I got you...these.
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
That's great.
I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
Hey guys!
Hi Janine!
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, We've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea you and me spending some quality time together.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
But what does that gonna do...
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Mon-Monica?
Yes?
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Normally, I would not do it.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
Say you're sorry.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
That sounds like Nana.
...I can imagine.
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
We really do feel bad about this though.
What about when I started dating Chandler?
Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It's just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!
Behind you?
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
Well...
No. I...
Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
How are you doing?
Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
No one was around to hear that?
Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Always illegal Joe.
Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fiance, Mrs. Knight.
Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
That counts!
Oh, good!
I Ross...
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
She's still with you?
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
God!
I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.
Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?
Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!
Oh, yeah! Yeah!
I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?
I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.
I know!
Op.
Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
I know I would.
Hey no problem.
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
Ross! So when is it gonna air?
All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.
I had a bra.
Hey, Dr. Farber.
What?!
Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Oh well, okay, good luck.
I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?
Of course I do.
Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Thanks.
All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
God I know, you're right.
Okay, I'll see you after the thing.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he's just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...
Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
Now get on out of here, you!
Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
We've got a box.
I was probably waiting for it to open.
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Rachel! You okay?
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
I'm having surgery!
Look, youre cold, I have to pee, and... ..theres a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be?
Ooh, okay... good.
What is this place?
I think we have an answer.
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
What can we do for you?
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
Oh, come on!
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Good runnin' into you at the bank today, so ah, here's my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
Who's Chip?
Shhh!
Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Let it go, Ross.
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
Monica, I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
You wanna what?!
What are you talking about?
I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.
Do you have a sec?
Ah, sure, Nina. Whats up?
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well, can you blame her?
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
You really thought it was perfect?
Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?
See.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
You are so smitten.
Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.
Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Oh.
We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.
Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.
Oh, say no more!
Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn't even get to Italy?
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
What?!
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Sorry, what?
Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Wow!
My little brother's getting married!!
Do I?
Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I'll wait for you. Do you even know how long you're going to be gone?
This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel.
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
You do now. You're having dinner with me.
Shut up.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please. Let's roll it.. water's working .. and... action.
That would work.
Right. Okay. Losing the robe. And the robe is lost.
And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?
Ooh, actually I've been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Oh. Wow! Huh. Boy! Well, someone's been doing their homework.
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
It's not random, it's Bob.
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Huh!
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
You're not a senior?
No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Good, otherwise my watch would fall off.
Alright, just one. Wow, you're good at that.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Nooo!!
...it was like the Algonquin kids table.
Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
I'm Mrs. Dr. Barry Hunter hyphen Farber.
Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y'know, not two nights in a row. Okay?
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
I guess.
Well, I don't know tonight when they yelled cut and we didn't get to kiss, I was really, really, disappointed, and I just, really wanted to kiss you
3, 2, 1. Happy New Year.
Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.
Oh please!
So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
What's up?
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Oh, no-no, y'know I absolutely adore Rachel it's just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it's absolutely your decision. More tea?
I don't think I'd be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
Yeah sure.
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
What?
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!
Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach.
Yeah Ross it's okay, it's me, Mr. Stevens.
Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
Bye!
Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'
For Chandler!
Okay. I'm in.
Does it have to be a whole day?
I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don't think your son will think it's yours and be horribly traumatised?
Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
You think about it.
Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Isn't that mine?
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
You mean like exclusive friends?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
That's because they are.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
I'm sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
No!!
Ok, I have to sleep on the west side because I grew up in California and otherwise the ocean would be on the wrong side.
Hey come on, you haven't heard my reason yet.
Alright, go on.
Oh my God, you're a freak.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
I don't have too. I can just look at you.
Not nice enough.
Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
Awww!
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.
I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.
Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
It was a really beautiful service.
What?
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
I'm just so excited to make the presents! Shoot!
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!
Both of you?
Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.
Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
It's okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is 'how much it bothers you?' because I don't like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?
Your thinking about my leg aren't you?
No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
No. No. I don't think so.
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
Alrighty. From the top.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.
Is that what you're thinking about right now?
I never stop thinking about it.
Janice, I'm sorry but umm, you can't stay here tonight.
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?
We were playing rugby.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah.
What did I tell you about the hall?!
Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
Oh, that sounds lovely. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Oh, thanks, thanks. Bye bye Jeannie.
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Any luck?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
You put these on my desk!
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.
Y'know it's ironic...
What?
We're just gonna be friends.
That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...
Oh yeah, I'm so excited, I've never been there.
Oh, well, I'll show you around.
Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!
I can't believe you thought that you were going to video tape us having sex on the first date!
Oh, candles! What is that? A blanket? A video camera? Oh my God!
Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!
Hiya.
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
Yeah, refrigerator college.
Yeah.
You can't give up on your dream.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
Please tell me you're stopping now.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
Just those two!
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Here.
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Hi.
Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?
Thank you. Uh...
Yeah-yeah, it's this huge place, and-and it's got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?
Yeah, they're out of town.
Ohh.
Yeah that works.
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
What?!
It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.
Okay..
Wow.
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
Oh, none for me. Thanks.
Just a little bit of sugar.
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
Yes, I realize that...
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
You can watch our tape if you want.
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
He's a he?
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Not so fast Wesley!
Remoray!
Oh! Thank God!
I used to umm, schedule my classes so I could watch Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives.
I know! I-I'm a big fan of yours.
What?!
Get out of here, really?!
Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.
Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.
Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
He is?
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
I look more like him than you do!
Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.
Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric Sorry.
Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
Sir.
Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Of course, yeah!
Ooh, I like cards.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh, wait a second! I didn't say I wasn't free!
Hey, Chandler, why don't we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
You want me to wear your panties?
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
Ohh! That's great!
Really?!
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
You comin'?
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Sure.
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
If I have to I'll, I'll do all again , I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing, I'll go to the P.T.A. meetings, I'll coach the soccer team.
Really?
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Ohh, impressive.
Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Huh.
Uhhuh, how did you know that?
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Daddy cut me off.
Never mind, I got it.
Wow! What did he say?
Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Uhh, you said there was a party.
Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica's place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.
Ah yeah, sorry about that.
It's okay. Come, come on in.
Oh.
Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.
Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or...
Oh. Uhh...
No-no, it's not that, it's just... I-I just moved in.
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Oh. Oh!
So where are we going next?
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Did not.
How was that possible?
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
Knock, knock, knock.
Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
Well, you've got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.
You're an excellent patient!
So how does it look?
Like a pirate?!
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
Hi Rachel!
Hey!
So were done then!
Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
I'm all done.
Thank God.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
That's right!
Hey Estelle, listen...
What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
Kidding! I'm gonna get there early, but I'm going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.
You're into hardcore S&M right?
Well, I-I guess-I...
Yeah, great, you betcha!
So Monica let me ask you a question. Y'know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?
Uh, no! No! That's...art! If it bothers you I can put my art out.
No that's, that's okay.
Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.
Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Oh, no I don't.
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
Oh, what are you, stupid? It's been three hours.
Is that all?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Rachel?
Yeah.
Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
Oh. Whew!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I've gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica's room.
Mmm.
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
I'll help you dial.
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Ethan?
Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs...
Hey, there he is! There he is!
Hello New York!
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
What? What's what you were afraid of?
What?
And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
No. A break from us.
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.
When?
I don't know exactly.
But I do know that it's some time tomorrow.
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Eight months.
That's a really long time.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
You must be Rachel, I'm Erin.
Hi.
Would you like some pancakes?
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Oh great! I'll keep it in my butt with your nose.
That's weird, she locked the door.
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
Well, I don't know. Are you a masseur?
Yes I am.
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Yeah, but not just that.
None the less.
Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Happy to.
Yay!
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Happy to.
Yay!
Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Rust, is boat cancer, Ross.
Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that.
Okay.
Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to Florida for a couple weeks.
Oh good.
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was...
Okay, here's where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that's a wrap!
Cut!
No! Year! Happy No Year!
Hey! Look who I found!
Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.
Oh no, I-I'm sorry, I guess we lost track of everybody after high school.
Oh, okay. Well, so tell me everything about my parents. Everything.
Oh, what? What was it?
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
What did you do when they found out?
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
So you uh, still wondering?
So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found ninja stars, I almost got arm broken by a hooker...
This?
Uh-huh.
She wasn't a hooker.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Eh.
Eh?
Well, that makes me feel so good.
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
And we'll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? I will think about the therapy.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Because that would be fantastic. What? You wanna kiss me?
Thinkin' about it.
Buddy, my monkey?
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
OK, everyone gather up.
'Scuse us
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
Right, and...
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
But you've only slept with two people.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
No, this is a loaner.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Dude!
Sorry!
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing.
What is that?
Oh my God!
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Whattaya mean?
Um-hmm, and did you stay up all night in preparation for your sleep study. Uh, sir?
Your name, please?
Joey Tribbiani.
Yes he did.
But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
All right.
Thank you, thank you.
Who's your roommate?
Oh honey, come on, have a sense of humour, you've never been able to laugh at yourself.
No-no-no, that was all true. This was just in case you pulled a Monica.
You promised Dr. Weinburg, you'd never use that phrase.
That's right. My Mom doesn't have any faith in me! Oh, that's hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
Fired! Why?
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Okay...
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
Seeing some more of your super-cool slides.
Wow! Really?!
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
And we'll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.
There are a couple of forms to fill out.
Easy.
No problem.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
...I can imagine.
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Oh, like I'd give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.
The movie theatre, you used to come in all the time.
You still work at the multiplex?
Thanks, I'm set. Do you still live with your parents?
You know, we're all wondering who this Rachel is. Can you point her out to me?
Sweetheart, sweetheart...
Yes?
Oh, you know what? Rachel.. She just left.
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
What?!
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.
What?
I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...
Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. Are you okay?
Just call me Paul.
Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
You just don't look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Hiya!
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.
Sure. So how long you been...
Since then?!
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.
You put your balloons down!!
Everybody put their balloons down!!! Now this is a nice suit!!
Ugh! So close!
I know I didn't do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.
Professor Geller?
Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
And why exactly would I do that?
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Clearly, I'm having sex with him?
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.
How are ya man?
Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? Help! Help!
Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Oh God.
And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
And if that person is already in your life, you should do something about it right?
Do you believe that there is one perfect person for everyone?
Well, I-I'm startin' too.
Yes! Hell yes!
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
Is there a Julio here?
I am Julio.
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
I'm here!
Hey!
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, "Excuse me, hello Miss," so now Im here.
Hi. Okay, will that be all?
Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
No, no... how come you are working here?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?
Yeah it is. . . what?
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Huh?
Oh?
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
Oh yeah, of course you don't!
No.
I didn't... I never said that.
Oh, sure, yeah. This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.
Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?
Just, you know, to see... um.
OK, is this really my father?
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
Yeah. Her. All of them. Anyone.
Yeah, I've been there my friend.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Again, very sorry.
Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
Woah, dude, burn.
I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
Stupid, useless Canadian money!
Thank you.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
No! Thank you! Monica, and Ross! I don't know what I'm gonna do about the two of you!
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
Thank you!
I'll talk to them!
Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.
Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.
Really?!
You haven't?
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
Oh, and he's got such a good heart! Doesn't he have a good heart?
Oh, I know...
Isn't this great?!
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
I wasn't invited.
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
I certainly see what the girls like coming here.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
So, I hear, you hate me!
I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
What's wrong?
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
That's it. That's my whole name.
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. Are you all right sweethart?
Oww!!
Game!
I'm not all right.
Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone...
I'm not listening to you!
All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
Russians! It showed them as terrorists and villains!
Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
I don't know, I mean, y'know, this is the city y'know, I just, I mean, I don't know.
Whatever, it's the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.
You really thought it was perfect?
She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.
Are we still on that?
We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.
Can you believe this place?
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Huh?
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
That guy has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He's complained about you three times!
What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you're working?
Uhh do it?
Well, where was I?
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Whenever you're ready.
Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you."
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
All right, you two, stop it!
No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me?
You are just the sweetest.
No! You're the sweetest!
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
What?
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!
What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Dad, dad.
Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Hey guy!
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
We appear to have angered it.
We?! We angered it?!
Oh God!
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
We really do feel bad about this though.
I don't know about the hands, but the guy that was here before me just went to the bathroom.
Which guy?
He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. See?
Okay! How you doin'?
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
I have nothing to do with casting.
So what're you guys gonna eat?
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
The only man I've ever been with is your father.
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
I know I am.
Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter but... Okay, why not?
Wow! What an unusual cat!
Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it?
Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000.
We don't have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We've got a canoe.
Pretty nice?
You'll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe.
Well, Adrian's looking for a reason to stay, right? Victor can't just kiss her, he's gotta, gotta really give her a reason, y'know?
Well umm, maybe if it had more heat.
How do you mean?
Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.
Hey!
Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh?
Ohh, fun!
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
I had a really nice time tonight.
So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...
Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
Some guys are just lucky I guess.
Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
No, no, they only said you.
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Yeah! Okay.
Hey! Hey!
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Yeah, I know, I.
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
So how long have you known?
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
Chandler.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!
I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
What are you guys doing here?
Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.
I was passin' by and I saw that you were playing tonight, it's kinda cool seeing you up there.
Hey. I was...
Hey!
Whoa! Hey-hey! What's going on here? Who is this guy?
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Whoa, hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Oh-no.
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Do something..... Something....
Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?!
Ice coffee? Tell me it's ice coffee!
It's-it's hot...
What's your favourite thing about summertime?
Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!
Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!
Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
I know.. it's gonna be really hard.
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Okay. Okay.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding.
Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
The Waltham Residence.
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
Nooo!
Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
I don't know.
Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.
I'd rather not.
Oh, yeah, why not?
Oh, is everything in the car?
Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Hey!
No. No, thank you!
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
It's James Bond.
Sorry we're late.
Dr. Burke, it, it's me.
Say uh, Bing, did you hear about the new law firm we got working for us?
Hi! And this is my wife Kara.
Nice to meet you Monica. Bing!
No, sir.
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
I know! Why don't you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
No, I'm sorry.
Wow! You guys really don't know anything!
You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.
Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Well then you can't have any. Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! "Help! I'm drowning! Help!"
Alright, we'll share.
No, give me the...
That's it! Dinner is over!
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Again, very sorry.
Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.
Well, people!
People, people, people.
So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Eh, what are you gonna do?
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Okay, great.
No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
Yeesss.
Fine, go have sex.
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
What's a koondis?
I guess it's worth a try.
Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.
I'm going to look into your eyes now.
Really.
Good, they feel good, in my head.
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
Hi!
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Well you should be embarrassed.
No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... ..bringing swordfish. are you gonna go to the, um?
This could be Gods way of telling us to eat at home.
Think she got fired at Riffs?
Im gonna wait till after we order. Its her, right.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Good morning.
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn't. Now, see, that's acting.
Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
Is that all?
Ohh, how is he?
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Probably Monica and Chandler.
Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?
That'd be great, thanks.
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Oh my God!! Great!
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
Yes.
One, two, three...
Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
I mean, there's a statue in Minsk...
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Of course.
It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Maybe.
OH MY GOD!! I didn't really believe it until you just said it!!
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back..
Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?
Yeah. Yeah. A little.
You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?
Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay?
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.
Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-with her and her daughter.
Oh, umm, all right.
So how did you know Francis?
Really?! What's your name?
Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
There's nothing to discuss. We're not paying for your wine cellar.
You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
Dad!!
This ring is from the 1920s, it's a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Or not, whatever.
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
If you didn't have your shirt tucked into them.
Oh.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.
Oh, yeah!
Keep talkin'.
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Lucky bastard! Janice.
I'm fine.
No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting.
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Thank you. Thank you.
Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
What is it, Tim?
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
Your... excuse me?
WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net...
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
I like that.
Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.
Oh, classy.
Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don't wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Well, I'm sorry, I thought you needed them!
That's what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you spit!
Well of course I am!
You know you've been spitting on me?!
Wow! Didn't know that.
Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.
And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?
Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
He went out for groceries.
Ok so will he be back soon?
Alright, I'm, I'm gonna go. I'm sorry about the dog, everything. I'm sorry.
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Why would he turn off the TV?
You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.
Burning's good.
Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.
Good for you. Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Hell, I wanna see Joey.
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?!
3-B!
Oh yeah, aww!
Yeah, leave!
If anyone asks, we'll just say Ben addressed them. Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
Yeah, they're fine.
Yeah?
Sure. Why not?
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler Bing?
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Call me.
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Call me.
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
What?
I-I-I...
Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.
I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
No!
Okay.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
Y-, y-, you like that show?
You don't like that show?
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
So uh, where's Monica?
Hi, Chandler.
I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Okay.
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
I stepped in something icky.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
I'm really glad we came. You're so pretty. I love you.
No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
There's a Mr. Bing!
Ohh!
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
I would love it if I weren't here!
Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Yeah, you're right.
We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.
Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So? Who?
You had sex, didn't you?
How do you do that?
You know Paul?
I'm not very fond of New York. Queens I like. Ooh, what is this sparkle something! Honey! Huh?
Monica! Where are you from?
New York.
Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Sometimes I have bad dreams.
Wow! That was good. That was... Tweezers?
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
Really? Well, in that case...
And that's I'm so glad... there's no problem.
Ohh! That's great!
And the next time you cater for me, there will be nothing but ice in the freezer.
Wow!
Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. She doesn't know we switched it.
That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don't bite your nails.
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
Because I-I like you.
You like me?
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Buddy, my monkey?
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Well, I could cut it.
Really?! You do that?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Y'know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn't.
You-you have a very beautiful... eye.
Y'know all my friends think this is weird.
I know! I mean it's like me and your dad, that's a totally separate thing.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
I am supposed to be the mommy?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Wow! Sure! That's great!
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. So, how ya been?
I've been great, just great. How have you been?
The head tilt?
Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
Hmm, bummer.
No. But thanks.
Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way.
Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Oh, he's fine. He's fine. It's just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn't like me.
Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Are you all right?
Oh come on! That's-that's... true.
Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
Yes.
Great!
What?!
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Ok.
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.
Oh?
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
Okay.
This is where Ross and I are meeting for our date. So, what do you think?
Hi!
Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?
Well, I-I don't like it.
Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? Help! Help!
So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.
Oh my God. I think you're right.
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
Good morning.
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's!!
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!
Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.
You're all invited to bite me!
No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
Nevermind!
I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm...
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
You can't give up on your dream.
This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Monana was very brave.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Oh, please! She's always got a broom in her hand!
Hey!
Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Oh, that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.
Oh shoot! Maybe next time. Thanks for a lovely evening.
So um, who was she?
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
So, I think you're boxes are over here.
Wow! Great! Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
That said it was my sandwich?!
What?
Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
That said it was my sandwich?!
What?
I'm sorry, is this the same Rachel who's name you said at the altar in the second marriage?
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
She's supposed to be with you.
You're good.
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
No! I mean he's nice.
Yeah.
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Both of you together?
Wh-what's up?
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
Hey! So since we're getting off early, do you want to go and paint mugs?
I can't believe we go on in, in a week.
Hey, it's gonna be all right.
What?
Yeah, so we just thought we'd stop by and let you know there's still no pressure.
Hi!
Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, so...
None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we're just gonna be right over there having coffee.
Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it's his first time.
No.
You'll see.
You don't say!
Okay, but isn't sex better when it's with one person that you really, really care about.
Look, the point is, there's a lot of women out there you haven't even had sex with yet!
Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
Yeah, in a poem maybe.
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Well, that was ah...
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
What?!
Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call sometime, we could talk or somethin'.
I gotta friend named Mark.
That'll work too.
Yeah, that'd be ok.
Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!
Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.
Ohh that's nice.
Wo-women? You mean like old women?
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.
That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
You make up songs?
I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Ohh, I thought that you....
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
And he was my best student.
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
What the?!
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It's bad luck.
What was all that about?
It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.
You know what, I think we've had all the bad luck we're going to have.
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.
Gotcha.
Hi Daddy!
You remember Ross.
He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.
It's good to see you too.
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
Yeah.
..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.
I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.
Well, I guess thats why they call it psychology, sir.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
What?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
Yeah, o-okay.
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Who's they?
No one.
Good, otherwise my watch would fall off.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
What about the part where he has rabies?
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
Larry?
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.
THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
I've probably been talking too much. Why don't we talk about you a little bit?
After a while it's like, shut your mouth, you know?
Hmm-Hmm.
Mmm-Unmm.
Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this.
Hi.
Hi.
Oh my God.
How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!
Ross, take me off speakerphone.
Hi.
Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Great. It's gym class all over again.
Aww.
Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?
Hi.
Ah here, we brought wine.
Oh, that's great. Look at that.
Well, it's not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office?
Do you want me to check again?
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
Y'know, I don't-I don't know. Let me, let me check.
Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.
Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
Oh good.
Oh Drake.
Yeah he's no good. Do you ever think about me in a non-eye doctor way?
Who is it?
Edward Nevski?
No.
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
I'm Megan Bailey.
Have you found your dress yet?
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.
Well, you kids take the train in?
No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.
Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom.
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.
What?
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me!
Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
Was I talking to her about gas?
I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
You obviously can't keep away from her.
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Why?
Bastard!
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Chandler, we've been here for an hour doing this! Now watch, it's easy.
No.
That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel!
OK.
That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!
Yeah, I love you. Okay, bye! Hi!
Hi!
Oh, honey, don't worry. She's gonna make it on time.
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
You, you want, you want me to move out?
Uh-huh.
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? I'm still gonna go.
No, I'm picking you up.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
OK, I'll see you later babe.
...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Huh.
Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.
Wow! That would be great.
Really?
Good morning.
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
Gay? Yeah.
Hey! Terry.
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?
What? Is it my breath?
No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!
Yeah. Well, umm.....
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship...
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
What's the matter? Are you upset?
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I'm going to, so...
Yeah, I'd really like that.
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Tribbiani.
Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. Yeah, I'm single. 25. An actor. Hello?
No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. Do you want some chicken?
What? Do you think he likes me?
No, Joey.
No. No food with a face.
Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to...
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
Oh God!
Ow!!
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
Yes I am.
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
Oh yeah, I should probably call them.
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
Now, wh-what, what is that like?
Yeah, yeah.
Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
Yes, I am.
Is it--?
Congratulations.
Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
Um, not even a little bit.
Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
Bumpy?
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!
Hey pal.
Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?
Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
I'm very interested to find out who's been doing her taxes these last four years.
I was her accountant four years ago.
Ohhhh!
That's great!
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
We should?
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
What? What? What?
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
So you still think you, um... might want that fifth date?
...Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.
Everything.
Whoa, that's a lot of stuff.
I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head.
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
I found the picture!
Picture? What picture?
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
Well, he better not come by here. He can't see the bride in the wedding dress.
You can't ask us son, that's cheating.
You're right, thanks for keeping me honest dad.
As I recall when we got married, I saw the groom in the wedding dress.
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
Booo!!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Eh, do you believe that?
Yeah?
Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
Hi!
Like it would help.
Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
Do you?
What?
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Hmm.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Comin' out. Place your bet. Dice are out. Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!
Sure! Yeah! Las Vegas, number one!
Anybody lose this?
Hmm.
Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
I'm...happy...for you?
Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
And then right, right when the scene ends, he could take her with this raw, animal....
And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Something like that?
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
But your chin here. Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.
Sit down.
Okay.
What?!
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Okay...
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
Isn't there?
Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
It's nice.
Oh. Oh.
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
I love you, Pete!!!
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
Wow, you have really pretty feet.
These old things.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.
So, um, have you told your parents?
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Then I've gotta go. Bye.
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.
Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?
Who?
Hombre?
Normally, I would not do it.
Sure.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
Cut.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
Aaaaagggghhhhh.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
No he, he moved out and I moved in.
Hello.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
What about the part where he has rabies?
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Ok, that's Eric.
Glad to be of help. Matches.
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Ok, that's Eric.
I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
You're scratching. Give me the dice.
What're you doing? Are you scratching?
No. This is what I do for luck, ok.
No.
Yes!!
Before!!
Now, does it really matter?
Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
Ohhhh.
Yes!!
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. The Lightning Round!
Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
Hi!
Ni-chou chi-ma!
Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
Hi.
Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?
Ah.
Oh, hi, darling!
Oh, well we cut the trip short.
Like it would help.
Hi!
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
You are so bad!
Wow!
Really?
Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right?
You keep saying that.
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Oh!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Well I just thought...
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Oh. Whew!
Excuse me?
Oh! Him.
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Hey Rachel!
Hi!
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
I hate actors.
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I'll talk to her.
Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Uh, is your name Chandler?
Excuse me.
Ahhhh.
Uh, yes, yes it is.
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler Bing?
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Almost! But first, we gotta start.
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
So were done then!
Okay.
Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.
I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
So, uh, wh-where ya from?
From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
Monica! What...
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
That bitch!
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
I know. I hate that!
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
Dude!
Hi honey.
Hi.
Hey.
Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Y'know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.
Oh?
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? You're the other one right?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.
You're welcome. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
It's worth the pain. Y'know what, you know what? It's not.
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Yeah, isn't that great?
Aren't you going to swallow that?
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
Mmm.
You are gonna be fine, believe me.
No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
Right.
Uh-oh...
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
No, this is a loaner.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.
You don't clean the cappuccino machine?
Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
Done.
Yes.
You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Hi.
Me either...
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Ross, you remember Susan.
We've gotta go, we've got that cab waiting.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
Alright, alright, ok. Bye.
Which one?
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
...The second guy.
Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.
Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.
What?
Huuh.
Honey, honey, people are looking.
No, I-I-I gotta go.
No. No! No! No!
I don't care! I don't care!!
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
Susan, go deep.
What is, honey?
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Buddy, my monkey?
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
So uh, where's Monica?
Hi, Chandler.
Hey Joe does it have meatballs on it?
It's the-Chandler!!
Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
Oh-ho, yeah!
Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Are you serious?
What?
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
You know what I like most about him, though?
The way he makes me feel about myself.
Yay!
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
I'll go.
Welcome to America.
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
How are you honey?
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
All right. I think it was a mouse.
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
What.
Hang on.
Hello, excuse me.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
'Scuse me?
Ewww!
Pudo aver sido General Tso!
Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!
Hola, Joey!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
It's not random, it's Bob.
No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.
Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.
I'll get it.
I got itI'm getting it!
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? Hey, Chandler.
Hello, Mr. Bing.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Aww!
I can hear you!
I am loud!
That's funny.
Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.
Ross of.....
Of Ross and Rachel.
Oh hey, hey Mark.
I will go for that drink.
So, do we have the best friends or what?
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Really?
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus?
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
That's not true?
No.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
I think you may have a drinking problem.
What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Oh... shoot.
Morning.
Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
Morning. Good morning.
Morning, Paul.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
I stepped in something icky.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
No, it's too soon for you guys.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Yeah, you're right about that.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Monana was very brave.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.
Okay, quit down.
Mr. Simon's been waiting for- Oh my God!
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Minsk. It's in Russia.
Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Minsk?
I know where Minsk is.
No, she's at a faculty meeting.
Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
See if he has ice.
Okay.
Oh. Oh!
Huh?!
Are you sure?
Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.
So, how ya doin?
Hello, Ross?
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Hello.
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
That's not so good.
What'd I get?
Seven.
No-no it's not. What-what happened there Ned?
Why are you yelling?
Ohh, I wouldn't do it in there. That's my dad's bedroom.
That's your, that's your dad's bedroom. That's your dad's bedroom!
Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!
And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.
That was great, the kids loved you.
Yay, I rock.
But.
Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead.
No-no, thank you.
All right, I'm here, let's ahh, get this over with.
Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
It was, wasn't it?
Well, thanks again for lunch.
Yes, this, this was pleasant.
The food there was, was great.
We kinda need to talk.
Oh he knows! For the most part.
Oh hey! Good, you're both here.
Both of you together?
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross, I'm gonna go.
Go? Why?
But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
No, I'm not.
Oh, don't worry about it.
No, really you're gonna freeze.
You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
Fired! Why?
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Is that supposed to be funny?
Hey, we were sitting there.
Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?
No actually, I was just going for colorful.
Oh.
What?
Intense and creepy.
But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
Umm, yeah! Today's.
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
Oh, that's fine, no.
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Look, can, can you do something for me?
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
So, I hear, you hate me!
I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
What?!
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
My Father is Chuck Magioni?
Hey Monica, it's Chip.
All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them.
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
Yesss!!
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
You don't want him, but you don't want me to have him?
Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.
What umm, what happened?
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
There's one thing missing.
And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.
Wow.
What's that?
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.
Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
Ohh-ha-ha!
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
Oh, okay.
Wow! Umm....
Howard's the handy man!
Oh, okay, I get it.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
Yes but too me he's just, man.
Ohh, I thought that you....
Judy, the kids..
Jack, that's what they call the subway.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Oh, am I on the radio?
Well, if you're one of Ross's best friends, why aren't you here?
Yeah, um, I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies.
No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important.

You owe me a cat.
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Wow.
What about it?
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Hi, did you order some bananas?
Gimme back my monkey.
Bye.
Okay.
G'bye, everybody.
Whoo-hoo!
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
We've got a problem.
Tell me.
Is it bad?
You told me you didn't see anything.
Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg.
It's so wonderful to see you again, my dear, in fact I hardly expected to see so much.
I tell ya a lot things!
And you knew about this?!
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Nope. Schhorry.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Oooooo....
Was it...?
Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
"Ooo," what?
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Hi.
Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?
Thank you. Uh...
Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
I don't want you taking that thing.
Who-ah-ho.
Oh, wow! You remembered! Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos!
Uh-huh.
Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
Right, like the kind you...
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Heh... y'know?
Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
Right! You're right!
You know what?
Cantaloupe juice.
Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
Exactly.
You're doing it again.
Not hating Yanni is not a real reason.
Hello, Mr. Heckles.
We're not doing anything.
Woah.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Foxy lady.
Honey.
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
Oh.
Hey.
Based on this play? ...Based on this play!
Hey, kids.
No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
No, I'm picking you up.
Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
No, I'm alright man. Really.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
Hhhhiiiii.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Um, do you wanna sit?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Of course.
This is unbelievable.
We've got a problem.
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Tell me.
Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
Mom, it's OK.
It is Judy.
Found it.
Uh, the dog.
Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
Huh.
Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
Eddie, do you remember yesterday?
Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
Uh, yes.
Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.
Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
So what happened?
We took a road trip to Las Vegas man.
Uh, yes.
So what happened?
Oh sweet Moses.
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Oh sweet Moses.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Nice.
Wh..
One more chance Ursula, please?
Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
It's no big deal. Chandler was just kissin' me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.
What's goin' on?
You're it! Now run and hide!
What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
Here, let me. Rachel Green's line, how may I help you?
Twenty percent.
Oh!! I love this job! Wow! My first call.
Hi, is Rachel there?
Actually, that's our three hole punch.
Yeah, but wait...
Good bye!
Hey.
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
Yes, please.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
Do you?
Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Do I?
Yeah, I do, yeah.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
But you're not. Okay, good.
I'm sorry.
It's not?
Yeah.
Yeah!
And did you notice...?
Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
I love you, love you.
Okay, I love you.
I love you.
Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?
What, look back?
Well, you're not gonna get going are you?
Well, no. But...
I'm in my boss's car!
I can't!!
Why not?!
What?!
Who's out there?
With such a sad history.
Could there be more Kims?
It's me! Good morning!
Rachel?
Oh! Yeah!
Hockey! Hockey! Hockey.
Oh my God!
Why not? What's going on?
Chandler?
Oh, he-he can't talk right now.
He's just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Just give me a chance too...
Why? So you could hang up on me?
Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
I want a retraction! Our food is not inedible swill!
No! Phoebe!
Hey, Monica!
I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Yes.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Hey!
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.
Hi!
I'm sorry, I'm late.
Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.
The one with "Heston" on it.
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
Interesting.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
We were playing rugby.
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
I'm sorry, I, I just need a little time.
My marriage like just ended, and I'm really not ready to get into anything yet.
But....
Okay.
This is so nice. Thank you for doing this.
Okay.
So I guess it's Joey then!
Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. Ahh. So, dig in!
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
But he has to know how I feel!
Well I-I think your wrong.
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
You are!
Like it would help.
You are so bad!
You are!
...so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here forgets the camera!
No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Oh yeah!
Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Oh, good point.
Yeah!
Happy New Year!
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
I am not going to apologize to a tree!
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Nothing at all?
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Uh-huh!
Thank you! Enjoy your flight?
Good. I should really start wearing hats!
Welcome to Las Vegas.
Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent.
Hope you had a nice flight.
Thank you! Enjoy your flight?
Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent.
Ohh, it was the best!
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Oh well, no harm, no foul.
Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Why?
Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Why?
Bastard!
What's a matter with you?
Yes. They're insanely white.
I-I, did that for you.
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Ohh honey come here. Ohh it will be ok. We've all been there.
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
You and Ralph?
Hey guys!
Is that your card?
Yes.
Hi!
Can't have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can't have is dairy!
Why are you so jealous of me?
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
Oh great! Thanks Ross, you're such a good friend!
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Ohh!
Okay.
Be right there. Be back in a sec.
I dumped him.
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Hope! Hope!
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Oh! Thank God!
Drake!
Drake!
Oh! Thank God!
Hope! Hope!
You're not dying Hope, you're gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.
Here you go honey!
Yeah, I recognize the ankles!
Get up!
Ahh. Thank you!
Elizabeth, what are you doing here?!
Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Obviously.
Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
You are?
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Yeah!
Hey Rachel!
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
Hi!
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Lucky bastard! Janice.
I'm fine.
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Any luck?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
You put these on my desk!
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Well, at least I'm not a murderer!
What are you going to do? Kill him? Like you did with Charles?!
That was an accident! And so were you.
Oh, my baby!
It wasn't my decision!
Joey.
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
Oh no-no-no-no, being adored. I'm used to it, don't worry about it.
Nice to meet you! My God you're great!
Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I...
Oh my God!
Let's go!!
Hey! Don't be a baby!
Well I...
Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
...I d'know.
You're one to talk.
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
She's still with you?
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
God!
Yeah, OK.
Hello, Monica. Hello, greeter girl.
This is Rachel.
Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of of, OK, smells.
Aaaahhhhhhh.
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
I'm outa here.
I'm probably gonna need those. Huh?
Yeah?
You ah, you forgot your shoes.
Hey, listen you ah....
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
Not me.
May I ask why?
I surely do!
What's up? You're voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.
Hey, Rachel.
Hi!
Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. See you.
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
An advance?
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
Hello.
Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
One more chance Ursula, please?
You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....
What?
Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?!
Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit.
I take it.
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Not so fast Wesley!
Remoray!
Oh! Thank God!
Of course we'll help! Yeah! We'll be here!
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Thanks!
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Oh, you're not a dingus.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Uh, the usher told us to come...
Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.
Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Okay.
No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Dude!
Sorry!
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Hi Kim.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Hi Ralph.
Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.
Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.
It's not all juice!
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Hi! Hi. I think I left my keys here somewhere.
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Oh hi!
Oh! Well let's look for them. Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?
Uh-huh! Let me ask you something?
Someone I can spoil, y'know?
Sp-spoil?
Uh-huh.
What is, honey?
Susan, go deep.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What is, honey?
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Fellas, these guys were here first.
Sorry.
There you go.
Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
Sorry.
Thank you Gunther. We didn't want to have to go and do that.
You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
Oh. Oh! I can do it!
Yeah!
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.
Ohh, okay. Something didn't quite add up there.
You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.
Ross!
Hello, Sir. You're here to return those pants?
Um... Done!
Hey!
No, these are my pants.
Oh! That was Lambchop!
Oh, God!
Okay..
Please, guys, we have to talk.
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Why is this happening to me?! I don't know, maybe it's my wound.
Forget it.
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
I'll see you.
Me too.
Okay.
Bye.
You have really great hair.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Why, how much is that?
Ross, they are killing you out there!
Oh, poor baby.
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
That's not true!
Okay!
Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
Oh, here's that trench-coat that you wanted.
That's not true?
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
No.
Well they said I should bring someone. Do you wanna be my dance partner?
Well I'm gonna be on it this year. I'm gonna be one of the party people.
You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Are you guys ready?
Hey!
Hey!
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
Oh yes, there you are.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Ross!
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Paolo. Hi.
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Your messages have been erased.
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Noooooooo!
Oh, no.
Out!
Breathe, breathe, breathe...
Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
Excuse me, there was no time!
Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Does anybody need more coffee?
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
Oh you're right. Thank you! What's your name again?
Joey.
It wasn't my decision!
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
Hi Rachel!
Hey!
So were done then!
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
Oh my God!
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
No.
Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
But my apartment is so...
Hey, what kind of puppy do you think I should get?
Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Of course I do.
You do?
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
I just did them.
Could I play?
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Joey.
Are you gonna go over there?
No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
You look good.
What?!
Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Who is it?
No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.
Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.
It's Phoebe.
Hey, it's so nice to finally meet you!
Ross!
I'll be right there. Hello! Hello! Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Me too!
Help!
Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. Ow.
Hi! Remember me?
Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face and her chest I could really put something together.
Could I borrow it?
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
How to make the next one even shorter?
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Cleveland.
He is so cute. So, where did you guys grow up?
Brooklyn Heights.
How, how did that happen?
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
Is there a Julio here?
I am Julio.
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
Behind you?
Oh my God!
Oh I know, my God, this is so-this rice is so-I am so good.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Is there something wrong?
Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.
It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.
You did so. I swear, I swear How long has she been in the bathroom?
Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Oh Drake.
And you're no friend to those with noses.
Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.
I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.
He better go on for what I'm paying.
Uhh...Shall I go on?
Yes, yes, do go on.
After what he just said, you're paying for the whole bloody lot.
Listen to me!
Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.
Oh no-no-no, you don't understand...
Oh yeah, yeah.
It's okay...
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
It's out there man! I've seen it! I got it!!
I don't know, maybe I can't. I mean, maybe there's something wrong with me.
Oh, no! No!
Then you hold on to it!!
Joey!
Wow.
So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!
It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
Yeah, no one talks like that!
...from the syphilis.
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Insane!
What?!
You're kidding. Oh my God.
Hey, I might!
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
You mean dying man?
Yeah, okay.
Hi. I'm Joey Tribbiani; I'm here to audition for man.
Yes!
It's a curling iron.
Well I just thought...
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
No, that's not exactly what I was..
He's... new.
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Monopoly!

He doesn't speak much English.
Look at that!
Hey, Pheebs.
You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
Sorry, my my thing was in there with me.
Hey.
I can hear you through the ceiling. My cats cant sleep.
Youre doing it again.
Were not doing anything. Were just sitting around talking, quietly.
You dont even have cats.
Fill this out and bring it back to me.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?
Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.
No.
Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.
Drops. Here, they're free.
Thanks. So, I guess I better be going.
Thanks again.
Yep.
KARL!
Wow, is that Michelle?
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
Wow, it's like a dirty math problem.
I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
Well, that's really a different question.
Oh shoot! Maybe next time. Thanks for a lovely evening.
Um-hmm.
Yeah, but I didn't get to see it.
So um, who was she?
Oy!
Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! Well the moment's over.
Oh.
See there it is right there.
Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Chandler is fantastic!!
What?!
Oh, I....
Monica, I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
It's time for me to conquer the physical world.
Okay.
You wanna what?!
You guys, the water's great. You should really go in.
Hey!
Ahhhh!
Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&M.
With a K.
No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.
Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Oh-oh-hey!
Thanks!
Hi Ben!
Wow! You-you look great!
Okay! Hey Tommy.
I'd rather not.
What?
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Oh, yeah, why not?
Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am...
Oh.
Hey.
That's okay. Chandler's the one I'm mad at.
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's!!
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Clearly, I'm having sex with him?
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
Good luck, babe.
Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! Ross! Come on!
JOEY!!!!!!
It's uh, it's already been roasted.
And for you sir?
Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
One, two, three...
Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?
Yes.
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?
I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.
I know!
Op.
No, not my touchie.
What did you say?!
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Please, can't you help me out?
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Some people have been saying its y'know little drops of heaven, but whatever.
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
No, I don't know him.
Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
I-I sure will, take care.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Yeah, but not just that.
None the less.
See you later Rach.
Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
OK sweetie, I'll see you later.
Bye-bye Julie.
Noo! NO!
Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy.
So, should I call him back?
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
You are an idiot. .
Why?
I am really an idiot. you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
yep, that's me, I am that stupid .
Hi guys. I haven't seen you since this morning.
Chloe, switch with me, there's some guys here that got a crush on you.
Okay, that hurt us.
Well ah, ........y'know.
Oh! What about, what about the girls?
I can't believe this. I just-I can't believe this. How-how-Oh my God. How long ago?
17 years ago.
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
We get high.
I thought you didn't smoke.
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Oh, me too.
Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?
I got an extra one. You want this?
No.
Dr. Franzblau, hi.
Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?
Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.
I mean he just started going out with her.
Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
Go! Come on! Roll!
Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Roll-roll!!
Monica!
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
Megan!
You came?!
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Mr. Simon's been waiting for- Oh my God!
Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident.
Oh! No-n-
Okay, it's in spasm.
Oh, no-
The game is over, we eat now?
Are you gonna let me play?
All right then.
No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams.
Rachel? Do you smoke?
Oh, what a fun office.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
Well yeah, it usually, it takes two people to...
Well, we were very young when we had her.
Oh. We?
Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
I'm gonna try.
Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.
Here you go. Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
You're welcome.
No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
No! Sam Waterston!
No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me.
Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One.
Okay, now I'm really late.
I'm gonna be really late for dance class!
Okay.
Okay, I'm all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips?
Speech! Come on Monica!
Pheebs!!
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
Come on!
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
You are so fired.
Aren't you in my Popular Culture class?
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
What?
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
I used to love to play restaurant.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
You made him a candle light dinner in the park?
Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!
HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
Really?! What's your name?
Umm, Frank Buffay.
You're Frank Buffay?
Another Minute Maid fiasco.
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
All right Carl, we're next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?
That's right! And what are you not gonna do?
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
Are they, uh, firm?
They'r alright.
No really, they're OK.
So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?
You know it?
Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
Oh, sure, they love us over there.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
Please tell me you're stopping now.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Oh umm, y'know I think it would be better if we just save it.
Oh, me too.
Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben's asleep.
Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that.
Ross, what're you doing.
Ok.
Ahh, you drive safe.
I'm getting ready for the water skiing. How are you doing?
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
What?!
Vic! Vic! Vic!!!
Where are you Vic?
Flight's in an hour. I-I gotta go.
In a minute!!
Chandler's a girl!
All right, he's coming. He's coming!
Hey, where's his thing?
Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
So, I'll call you tomorrow.
Would you like to see them?
They're so small!
Great!
Shh! No! Joe Hill!
Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
You're Frank Buffay?
You just said...
Pizza delivery!
It's a diaper commercial.
Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!
I'll get it! I will get that!
Please stop it!
Stop it!
Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Hola! Hello. Hello?
It was, it was her voice.
Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
Okay. That was her right?
Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?
Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me.
I'm telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.
No sir.
Oh my God, Rachel!
Hi, is Rachel here? I'm her sister.
Oh my God, Jill!
Oh my God, introduce us!
Do you want a date Saturday?
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Yes please.
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Phoebe?
Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me.
Um, do you wanna sit?
Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse.
What?
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
Really?!
Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Over here dad.
It's me, Carl.
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
Who is it?
C'mon up.
Can't wait.
You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?
No, no, they will. I just... uh...
Come on, they're gonna love you.
They don't?
What?
They sent me today's script! They never send the script!
Well no, I'm just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! Oh...
C'mere, Patti.
That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.
Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon.
C'mere, Marcel.
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
What did you do when they found out?
Oh, yeah, um, alright, I kinda need a divorce.
Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.
Ohh. . .K. How come?
Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.
Oh, hi Rachel.
Hi.
Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.
You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....
This will just be my batch.
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
What?
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Oh, sweetie, oh.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
I-I am Kristen.
It-it's really heavy.
I got it. So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler.
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
The only man I've ever been with is your father.
That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?
Oh! What's new in sex?
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
Oh, wow.
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
So uh, here's your office set!
Thanks!
We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
Wow! Huh? Mac Macaveli, Private Investigator!
Mon!
Hey, Mon.
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
What?
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.
She's not much of a phone person.
Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
Maybe you should.
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.
Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
Good luck, and uh, take care, huh?
Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
Let me get that. You got five bucks?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.
Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.
Well, you kids take the train in?
Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.
Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?
Lemonade? You ok man?
Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.
I fell down an elevator shaft.
I'm not coming back.
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
Sure. Here. I'll uh, save your parking spot.
Why not?
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
You want some help.
So umm, I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
Yeah.
Very nice. Very nice.
Yeah, yeah sure, goodnight.
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
Right. Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.
Really?
No, I'm good.
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Oh-no.
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Do something..... Something....
Ohh, nice choice.
Well, I hope you're gonna bid on some things Rachel.
Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
Yeah.
You okay?
Great!
Yeah! Sit!
I'm more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?
I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Oh o-, OK man.
That's weird.
But, he told me over the phone.
He told me in person.
Well, I'm going to go into my new apartment now. Ehh!
Nothing?
Oh-ho, yeah. Yeah, the hand guy.
Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
I know.
Oh my God.
Look at that.
Well? Isn't that amazing?
Then I go feel your friend up and make you mad at me.
Yeah, y'know I feel like I can really talk to you 'cause y'know you're my sister, y'know.
Yeah, I guess I do, yeah.
Well, I-I wasn't hopping mad, y'know.
Oh-no-no-no-no....
Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
And that's why, I'm not inviting you in for a drink. Bye.
Just one drink?!
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Thank goodness.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Oh well, no I...
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
All right, enough! I don't want to hear about it anymore! Good luck, Chandler.
It seemed like such a simple idea.
Stupid Jack, the word is stupid.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Well, can you blame her?
You mean they're lovers.
That's funny. Who are they?
The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
If you wanna put a label on it.
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Both of you together?
Wh-what's up?
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Okay, great.
I'll catch you guys later.
My husband.
Who's Rick?
Who's Rick?
Ooooohhh.
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
You, you want, you want me to move out?
Uh-huh.
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
I guess it's worth a try.
What?! What?!
Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bedrooms.
Coming through! Oh! Coming through! Oh! Hello! Hi! No! Right! Coming through!
Oh well, it's not so bad.
Oh!
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Uhh, yeah.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
Can I get you a cup of coffee?
Hi.
We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. What? I read that.
Oh yes! Thank you!
We've lost visual contact with the suspect.
I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit.
No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV.
Okay, now I've really have to go!
Let go!
Hey, hey, hey there aren't any clothes in it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
He's... new.
No, it's-it's Andrew.
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Yuh.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
I did, but...
Call me!
Yes...
No no no. Talk... dirty.
Wha... what, here?
Ah....
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
G'bye, everybody.
You got it.
Okay.
Bye.
You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!
You by the door. In or out?
In.
Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
Bon giorno tutti!
Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.
What stupid thing did you do?
Ewww!
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
So.
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
Really? Me?
Uh--
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?
Alright, fine. I'll call you back.
I'm talkin'!
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me.
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
So, what are you saying now?
Sooo, what's goin' on, huh?
Well, here it is.
Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?
No.
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Oh my god, there's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.
Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales?
Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
How long you been waitin' to say that?
About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS
Aaaaagggghhhhh.
Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no.
Bye.
Press the button.
How ya doin'?
You?
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
I'm a twinkie.
Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you.
I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.
Alright.
Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support.
A little what?
He's kind of intense huh?
Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...
Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
I didn't realize that.
What's with this guy?
Is that supposed to be funny?
No actually, I was just going for colorful.
What's with you?
Oh, yeah!
I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married?
Isn't Ben in this?
That commercial always makes me so sad.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Yeah, like there's any way I could ever do that.
Good morning.
Well, he's doing terrible!
You don't wanna know.
No, I really, really do.
Really!
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Wh..
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
Oh, you're not a dingus.
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
The abridgment.
Oh, okay. The what?
Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
Twenty percent.
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
Oh!! I love this job! Wow! My first call.
Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.
Lovely, just lovely.
Really? Thanks.
Excellent, I'll be there.
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
Yes.
One, two, three...
Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.
Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!
And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...
It's nice to have a boyfriend.
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
It's okay, Rachel knows.
And wait, I've got something for you.
Mark!!
Yeah, but even soo.
Hey, you like pizza?
Just one drink?!
So, where do you want to go?
Oh, that's sounds great.
Joe. How's it going?
Oh.
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Good. Hey.
Chandler is fantastic!!
Hmm.
Of course, I didn't get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna's such a big, dull dud!
What?!
Isn't this great?!
Oh, I know...
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
Don't spoil it.
Well umm, maybe if it had more heat.
Yeah, I guess. Look, what are we gonna do about this scene, huh?
I don't know.
How do you mean?
So ask me what I did today.
Ah, which ever is closest.
Okay.
So what did you do today Pete?
They still want me for General Hospital.
I'm soo glad I caught you, I couldn't find you before.
Wh-wh-what's going on? Wh-what's this about L.A.?
But, but wh-what about us?
Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
It's me, I've been sleeping with your wife.
So you're the gynaecologist?
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
Pete?!
Well then definately don't take his name.
He wanted to tell me he's gonna compete is some ultimate fighting competition thingy.
Why?! What is it?
Here we go gentlemen, here we go! Are you ready? Are you ready? Let's get it on!!
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
All right! You go get him! Let's go!
Uh-oh.
Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.
Oh?
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
Okay.
You're Erwin's daughter?!
Ahh, yes.
Hi Phoebe Abott, I'm your best friends daughter!
No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. Lily, from high school. Remember?
Hey! Me too!
I know. I'm mad at me too.
Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I'm kinda hungry.
All right, stop it. Now you're just doing it to freak me out.
Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.
Oh, like I'd give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.
Thanks, I'm set. Do you still live with your parents?
Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
Oh yeah, of course you don't!
No.
I didn't... I never said that.
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Yes, I will tell her.
I'm sorry. If you wanna pretend that nothing happened, I can try.
Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you...
Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
I-I think we have too.
Dr. Burke will see you know.
Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
Ooh, so cute, that I'm thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
Oh my God! It didn't remind you of...
No-no really, was-was that not okay?
No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss...
Don't say it!
Uhh, yeah.
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
No, I was working on my pottery.
Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.
Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.
Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn't know that you did...pot.
You're into hardcore S&M right?
I invested in this night-club and it's opening tonight, would you like to come?
Yeah! That would be great!
Well, I-I guess-I...
Oh! God! Wow!
Catch any big fish?
Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
You stink!
Oh well, I'm divorced.
Isn't this amazing?
How have you been?
Ohhh, wow.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Whoa, hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Like finding money with naked people on it!
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Well, thanks, we like him.
My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Hello Joey.
Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
Really?
Hey, Felicity.
Umm, I thought about you all day.
Hello Joey.
Hey, Felicity.
Yeah.
Uhh...Shall I go on?
Take thee, Rachel... Emily. Emily.
He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Yes, yes, do go on.
It's kidney stones.
Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.
Umm, well, what else could it be?
Or?
Oh, I thought I heard you.
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
Hi!
Like it would help.
Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Who knows?
Yes!! I knew it!! Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Yeah!
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
No, I mean happy.
Scared? Happy?
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
And we'll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? I will think about the therapy.
Great!
Really?
You wanna do it right now?
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Ohh! We're kidding! Oh, we're kidding!
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Okay!
Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
That's right!
Hey Estelle, listen...
What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
Cut!!!!!!!!!!
Action!
"Take good care of your Momma son."
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Well they said I should bring someone. Do you wanna be my dance partner?
Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Like this.
Yeah, well you'd be better if you just loosened your hips a little.
What do you mean?
That's it, feel the rhythm. That's better.
For what?
I believed you were saving this seat for someone.
So, you'd hire me, right?
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
Looks like it.
I can't promise anything.
We're really gonna do this, huh?
Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at...
Joey Tribbiani, this is...
I'm sorry, why don't we do that right now? He's right here.
Okay.
Oh wow! He's so lifelike! Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears.
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
Oh. Whew!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
That's right.
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
And you were at this job for four years?
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.
Good morning.
Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?
Ohh that's nice.
Hey Joey!
Hey!
Hey-hey, who's your friend? Hey!!
Erin! Still here!
Santa has reindeers that can fly!
Christmas eve.
Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Umm, anyway...Do you want to have dinner tonight?
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
Yeah.
Yes! Oh no!
And for you sir?
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
It wasn't on your list, but hopefully you'll think it's really fun.
This one's from me.
Ahh!
A scooter!
I'm Margha.
I'm Dutch.
Hi-hi, I'm Joey.
I'm sorry Dutch, I didn't get that last little bit.
With him? You're is favourite, you're his guy!
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
What is with him?
We never get smacked.
No! Why?
I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
I can do that.
Great!
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
Hello, is Ross there?
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Hello?
Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
Can I ask what-Come on in.
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Okay.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
What? What's what you were afraid of?
Five dollars a box.
So far, I've sold seventy-five.
Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?
And what is second prize?
Just hearing you describe it as forbidden, it's really hot.
Wow!
What?
Really?
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Hopefully.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
How long do cats live?
You're our third call tonight.
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
Really?
Yeah?
Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Hey, Paul!
Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Hi, Alan.
Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
Hi.
I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
Hi.
Hi, Alan.
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.
Yeah, isn't he?
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Your grandmother would have hated this.
Beautiful!
Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
It'd be even more exciting if we were going.
Oh, you're not going? Oh, why?
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
Ohh, its been better. The Annual Net Usage Statistics are in.
Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower.
Mr. D, hows it going, sir?
And?
You have no idea who I am, do you.
The Luisa from home room!
Yes!!
No, none at all.
Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
Yes.
No-no, he's, he's very docile.
Your mom called me. So is this her?
Ok. That's fine.
So how did you know I was even here?
No, this is a loaner.
Hombre?
Who?
Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.
What's he doin' in my section?
Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Oh, hi.
So, uh, you met someone, huh?
So, uh, how was he?
Eh.
Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
So, uh, how was he?
Eh?
Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Eh.
Eh?
Well, that makes me feel so good.
How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
Ross.
Chandler.
Hey, you guys.
Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Oh.
Let me get that. You got five bucks?
He's here. I'm assuming one of you is the father.
You're all invited to bite me!
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
That's me.
I'm sorry?
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
How long do cats live?
Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Uhh, you said there was a party.
Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.
Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.
I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son.
Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
Some guys are just lucky I guess.
Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
No, no, they only said you.
We love you. Buy.
Think I better go before mommy starts weeping.
Buy mommy.
Have a good time. Ok, Ben.
What did he say?
Hello.
Guess what. Ben just said his first word.
Something about hi.
Hey, we were sitting there.
Hey you're in our seats.
Oh, sorry we didn't know.
Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
...the scotch and the cigarettes...
...and the bansai's and the chiuaua...
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Here's my binoculars.
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
It's about you.
Oh, okay then.
Good. So what were you thinking?
You kids ready?
You really serve people sneezers?
Well um, I don't.
Thanks again, Dr. Green.
I thought I would, but the translation's no good.
Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?
Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?
Your a poet and don't know it.
Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
What?
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Okay.
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
Do you want me to want you to care?
I've got no reason to stay.
Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Stop!! Stop it! You must stop! You are bad actors! This is a terrible play! I'll see you in the morning.
Good deal.
Yeah, right.
Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music.
Yeah, and these are my friends. People. This is Vince, Vince the people.
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
Forget it.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
All right, on the table.
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
Knock, knock, knock.
Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all sunburned.
Hi!
Hi!
Awww.
So you still in touch with anyone from high school?
No, I think it's cute.
Wow! A lipper from Chipper.
Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
Hmm.
Why did you hire me?
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
No, no, that was my boss. I have to go.
Yes. Uh, can't you wait until tomorrow? All right. Unbelievable!!
Thanks.
Okay.
Why?
That's great!
So.... I quit.
Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Oh man!!
No, but it did! Didn't it?!
Yeah!
I know!
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.
Ooh, erotiery!
Okay.
Cheers!
Well, we didn't have freedom here until 1776, either so...
So good then! We'll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!
Cheers!
Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don't take library cards.
Are you travelling with a child?
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
What's the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?
Well, we're starving, why don't we all go get something to eat?
So, have you kids eaten yet?
Well, we were going to do that after-I mean umm, next.
Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
I can't do that.
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!
Ahh, ahh, excuse me.
Do you think he knew I was here?
Ohhh.
Yeah?
There's nothing to discuss. We're not paying for your wine cellar.
Mmm.
Oh, yeah.
You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Looks like that might come any minute.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Happy to.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Goodbye Geller.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Call me.
Nice shot.
Oopsey, missed it!
I got it!
I got it!!
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
I would love it if I weren't here!
I'm kidding.
We get high.
Oh, me too.
Oh, me too.
That's okay.
Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!
Oh God. I'm sorry about this.
You sure?
14.
Ooh-ho-ho!
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
Hit me!
I'll help you dial.
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
I've gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica's room.
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
It's yours!
Really?!
It's kinda slutty.
Yeah well, I'm-I'm a slut.
I don't want to talk about it.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
Of course, what happened?
Okay, umm...
They have parasites?
Yeah, it sure is!
I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you?
No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac.
Ohh great.
Hi, is uh Phoebe here?
Uh no-no, she-she's out for the night.
Can I, can I help you with something?
Hello?
No problem, ok, mmmwa oh, mmmwa Susan...
All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona?
Uh, never mind, I don't want to know.
Ohh! That's great!
Licorice?
Sure! Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
No! Why does he have to go?
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
It's the key to my Porsche. Well, the key to your Porsche.
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
What's this?
What?!
Happy birthday, sweetie! Give us a hug!
Yay!
See? Here we go.
Don't get up Jack! The safety pins are about to blow.
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Like-like what?
Wow!
I can't believe she's really gone. Look around you, all of this is ours.
Loosening the saddle on mother's horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired.
Thank you sweetheart.
I don't think so.
I'm not allowed to have soda.
Okay.
Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
Please, let me do something.
Would you like my tin-foil hat?
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Uh, a little woozy, but basically okay.
Oh! You're awake!
Look at you! How, how do you feel?
You look good!
You really need the bassinet?
Like a hound?
Not a basset, a bassinet.
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Y'know what, I should do it.
Yeah!
I mean you definitely should do that.
Yeah!
Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
I like that.
Huh?
I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! And you, sweetie, I'll see you tonight.
Yeah, I'm riding the alimony pony.
And there it is.
Okay. Bye.
Yes! Phoebe.
Yes.
Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
That's my first name.
Yeah, drop it! Drop the towel! Please drop the wowww.
He is so cute!
Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!
Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.
I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
No!
Okay.
13.
Changing one hundred! Good luck sir.
Let's ride.
Hit me! Ohh man! Wait!
No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
There's a Mr. Bing!
Ohh!
Hi, I'm Lisa.
Well, my nose got lonely.
And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
Hi.
Well, I don't understand why Adrienne's attracted to Victor.
I have a question about this scene.
Yes?
Peel the onion. First of all, he's good looking.
Wow! You are really good at this.
With a K.
Oh-oh-hey!
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?
What's he talking about?
There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
Yeah!
I'm sorry I... It's just there's no real spark.
Kinda.
Then change it back!
No spark? Didn't you sleep together?
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Yes it is.
How do you know?
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
And?
So, here's somebody interesting, Joey. What do you know about Van Gogh?
He cut off his ear.
I'm out.
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
Okay, what was wrong with that call?
Oh well, all right...um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Oh.
When?
No! No! Not, Paris.
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
I don't know exactly.
Well that's ambitious.
Ohh, it's time to go.
Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Hey, uh, you can ignore that.
I see the head.
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!
Yes, it has a head!
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
No, it's a water balloon fight! We started it!
The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us.
Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
It's okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. Shhhh.
I think that's fair.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Nothing. I don't kn-Umm. I don't know. Umm...
Okay, I should, I should probably be getting back to my thing now. See ya.
Hey guy!
Yeah, he's gotta go.
No! I'm not finished yet! Don't! Don't you dare hang up on me!!!
Wait a minute, hold it. Johnson! Will you come in here a moment?
First of all, it's on your ass.
Well then, what is it?!
I'm with Hamilton!
Wow you look so beautiful! If I knew you, I'd cry.
Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can't believe I found it!
Well I'm Monica Geller, ball like a baby.
I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
Any time you're ready, Joey.
Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
Yeah, sure. Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something?
Why don't we do a trial run.
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
It's not Rick.
I'm sorry. He'll be waiting for me.
Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
All right, he's coming. He's coming!
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
Hey, where's his thing?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
You mean like watch?
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.
You didn't get the money, did you?
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Listen to me!
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-
Hey, do you mind? We're under cover here.
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Umm, jealous!
Yeah, no problem.
Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
Nooo!
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
That's totally understandable.
Yeah, refrigerator college.
No, Frank.
No you can't quit college! No! You're in college? Really?
Yeah.
Y'know what, I gotta go. And thank you so much for coming.
Shh! No! Joe Hill!
You just said...
But...
Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?
So, what did Francis leave me?
Huh?
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
Uh-huh. Is it dirty?
Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.
Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Okay. I'll be right back.
Honey, we don't have any bears here.
Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?
Okay. What?! What are you doing here?!
We kinda broke up this morning.
I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Well, sure! Come in! Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Gotcha!!
Umm uh, I'll make some coffee and we can uh, chat.
I'd love that. I would loooove... So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.
So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.
59 seconds. Quartz, ha.
Oh, excuse me.
Okay, I'll see you in an hour.
Oh, man, I could totally get that part. 'I'm sorry, that seat is taken.'
No, no, I didn't mean you. But, you believed me, huh?
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
That guy Lipson?
Yeah. Oh.
Nothing.
Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
What's wrong?
That's fine.
I had them made special.
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
It is?
Where's Buddy?
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Buddy?
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
Right.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.
May I help you?
Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
What does she mean?
Sophie, get in here! You see! Now you're making Sophie uncomfortable!
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
There's nobody here!
She's not making me uncomfortable.
Don't worry about it. It's not a problem.
Yeah.
Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop.
Well why not you changed Ned's grade!
Yeah, I'm all...in love with you and stuff. So could you change my grade?
No!
Well that's different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
Well, somebody got some last night.
Ohh, God.
Good morning.
Twice.
Not your type?! She's gorgeous!
So? Huh? What do you think?
Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?
All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.
Not her.
So, um, will you bring the truck?
Oh, sorry.
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Cat hair.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
He is?
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
Hi!!
Hi!
Hi there!
Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!
Don't, I like it dirty.
Uh-huh. Is it dirty?
Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
That's your call.
How you doin'?
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
There's more alcohol, right?
Ok.
I'll never forget you.
Uh, ow.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
I came to give you this and this.
Oww! Big ring!
Hold on, you-you knew?
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
I don't think so.
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
I'm...happy...for you?
Excuse me?
And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen.
Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor?
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
What?!
What?!!!
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Eight months.
That's a really long time.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Can I do it to you?
Yeah, you're funny.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!
Hi, one, uh, mushroom, green pepper and onion?
No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.
Are we still on that?
We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.
Can you believe this place?
Hi Monica.
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
Chinese menu guy. Forgot the menus.
Chicken? Chicken boy!
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
You look strong, why don't I take that and you grab one of the boxes.
But how about tomorrow?
Sounds great! Okay all right, well where does this go?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'll grab this one.
Here you go.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
Thank you.
I'm actually the office manager.
It doesn't really seem like enough to be fate.
Oh. Well umm, okay here's a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
You okay there, slugger?
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, any messages for room 226?
Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.
Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?
Well, I'm, I'm sorry... Ahhh. Have we met?
I, I'm sorry, I uh I already have a roommate.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
What?!
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Not necessarily...
Um, I'm not actually Amish.
Sure.
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
No problem.
No problem.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Sure.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
We stopped at the gift shop.
I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Where the hell have you been?
I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.
Okay. You ready to push again?
Oh, how does he look? How does he look?
So gross!
I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
I like Ross.
Uh yeah, I guess-Yeah! I guess so.
Neither of us like Ross!
Ohhh! Kids!
Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Hi! What are you doing here?
Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
Hi!
If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.
Okay, I'll do it.
You'll do what?
Oh my God!
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
No we won't.
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
I came to give you this and this.
We're sorry.
Ma! What're you doing here?
Oww! Big ring!
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?
Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
SURPRISE!!!
What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Alright, what have we learned so far?
What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
Y-, y-, you like that show?
You don't like that show?
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Good morning.
Really?
Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.
Hi!
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
What do you, what do you think?
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
But you know what might really cheer me up?
I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, umm...
What?
You owe me a cat.
Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons.
Oooh! You are a very bad man!
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
Oh my God!
Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing.
Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!
Uhh, not that I know of.
Humm, really?
Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?
Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Oh, sweetie, oh.
What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?
I've been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? Where have you been? Vic?!
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
When is she leaving?
So wait, what's the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can't touch you?
No, she touched mine first!
That's my job!
Ewww!!!
The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.
What?
I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...
You wanna touch it?
Wow!!
Wh-haa-haa! Look what 'cha did!
Nooo, but it, but it's great.
Yeah, yeah. Why?
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Lilly's dead.
Could ya?
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
You want me to wear your panties?
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
Oh Jack stop.
So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model?
Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds.
C'mon, it's my birthday.
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
What was that?
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Wait!
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
I don't ever want to see you again!
We agreed on Minnie.
Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
Julia..
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
Hey!
Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Okay. Let's do it again.
All right, let's try one.
Hmm, noodle soup.
Okay.
I'm ready!
I know.
Yeah.
You sure?
Ciao, bela.
Well,sounds like you two have issues.
Goodbye, baby.
Do they wait for me to do this?
Roll-roll!!
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Go! Come on! Roll!
Shut up!! It just got interesting!
So you still want me to send her psychological profile to Personnel?
Oh my god! Youre amazing!
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
What?
No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors.
What do you see? What do you see?
You're doing great, you're doing fine.
Hello! Oh, sorry.
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Any time.
Ross.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.
But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.
You're an opthamologist.
That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.
Oh hi kids. Hi darling.
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
Happy birthday dad.
Monica! Hi honey.
It's just hard when I know I have e-mail I can't get!
Hi!
All right, on the table.
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
So, all right.
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Okay. So I'll come by in a couple hours and pick you up?
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
All right, I can't wait!
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so...
Who knows?
Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Living with you would make me happy.
No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Yeah, that's what I said.
I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Ohh, I'm sorry.
Of course!
Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh...
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
That's good. Very good!
Hey, I was pretty close. Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money.
Joey! Joey, good one!
So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now.
Well okay, I'll swing by later. Do you live in this building?
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I'll put some out first thing in the morning.
Um-hmm.
No, don't worry about it.
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
No, you could've lost your job.
We want candy! We want candy now!
Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas.
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
No!
That's not my monkey. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back whenever.
Alright, I want my monkey.
Oh, c'mon, Luisa!
Chandler?
Yes, you said that.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
See, if anyone overheard that, I didn't come off well.
Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.
You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
Hey. Mr. Douglas is looking for you.
No! I mean he's nice.
Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?
I just, Phoebe, said y'know thought she saw something between you guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.
Y'know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.
What?!
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you with that!
Okay, see ya!
And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?
You take care Jill.
Bye-bye-e!
Who told you that?
I-I-I'm leaving the show?
I don't know. Why? Did you hear something?
Oh uh, one of the writers.
I know I couldn't. So....
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
How 'bout one last game of racquetball?
Tell me about it!
I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like
Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
I'm sorry, is this the same Rachel who's name you said at the altar in the second marriage?
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.
He's not here right now.
Can I help you?
Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Ew, this feels very weird.
You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
Oops.
3, 2, 1. Happy New Year.
Joey.
Yeah?
Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Can-can I get your autograph, I'm your biggest fan.
Are you Phoebe Buffay?
Yeah.
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! Sure! Yeah!
Is it okay if I finish the apple juice?
Who's that?
Nobody.
Is that Mark?
Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
Dudes.
So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Carol, not me.
Susan and I live together.
Although I was married to her.
Err, right.
Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?
Ah actually, that is mine.
Oh yeah, what are you reading?
Have I read it? No, are you enjoying it?
Peel the onion. First of all, he's good looking.
Yes?
Well, I don't understand why Adrienne's attracted to Victor.
Yeah.
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Dr. Farber, Jason Greenstein's gagging.
I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
Yeah, well..
Be right there. Be back in a sec.
What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.
Saltines?
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
I know.
Oh my God! Whoah!
Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Well, what's the part?
We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
Thanks, Bernice. Let's go away this weekend.
Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
I had a bra.
Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
What?
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
Why aren't you at home in bed?
'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
Ohh, ohh.
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
What a wank!
Adios.
Would you please go?
Night Mon. Night Julio.
Look Julio, someone left their book here.
Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?
Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.
Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
Yes.
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
Don't spoil it.
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
Isn't this great?!
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Well, everyone seems to be enjoying your dish.
Yes!!
It's hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.
And you?
Oh, wait a second! I didn't say I wasn't free!
Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Oh wow! I'm free for her!
Hey, Chandler, why don't we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Hey, Chandler, why don't we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Oh wow! I'm free for her!
Oh, wait a second! I didn't say I wasn't free!
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
You mean Dr. Geller?
Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.
Well, how-how come?
Oh, wow. I can't believe you're throwing that in my face.
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Well, that is what happened, and I don't even see you denying this!
Hello!
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
It's the Gellers!
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Sorry, what?
Where?
I know, it's horrible isn't it?
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
Oh my God! It's like a fairyland.
Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.
Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
There's nothing to discuss. We're not paying for your wine cellar.
You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
Dad!!
Call me.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Call me.
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.
No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
Same difference.
I get it! Well, that's that.
Yeah!
Loved him! Yeah! He's great!
Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?
And did you notice...?
Okay, yeah!
Yeah!
Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Umm, hi!
This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.
You brought a carrot.
What?
You brought a carrot?!
Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!
Hey! What's up?
Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!
I know!
Okay now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
I am so attracted to him right now.
Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.
So I understand you're looking for a place.
No-no, I'm staying put.
Why, where are you going?
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
Oh hi!
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Are those your teeth??
Okay.
Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? So, ahh, where were we?
Ohh, you can see them, huh?
No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y'know, not two nights in a row. Okay?
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
I guess.
Yeah, can I help you with something?
Let's go Phoebe!
And-and you're using my name!
Phoebe, come on!
I'm Joey! How are you doin'?!
Hey Mon! Hey Chann! Just gettin' a soda!
Who the hell are you?!
No! No! No! No! No! How you doin'?! How you doin'-Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall!
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Yeah.
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Why can't you get a girlfriend your own age?
So Ross, what your problem?
Eh-wh-Excuse me?
That's funny. Umm.... It's not funny.
I don't like you going out with my daughter Ross.
Why can't you get a girlfriend your own age?
That's funny. Umm.... It's not funny.
Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Well, I hope you're gonna bid on some things Rachel.
Oh!! Shrimp toast!
Well, y'know I-I don't know where he is.
Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
It seemed like such a simple idea.
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
Stupid Jack, the word is stupid.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Everybody has to audition.
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Bye Joey. Last night was fun.
I know!
Okay!
Yeah. I'll uh, I'll call ya.
Okay, Santa!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Oh. Uh, what?
I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well, can you blame her?
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
No that's my assistant.
Wow! How long were we arguing for?
You're not the man who left the cell phone.
Is-is he coming?
Poco... a leetle.
Si.
So you do know a little English.
Do you know the word crapweasel?
An advance?
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
Ok, yeah.
Alright.
Ok, I'm in the book.
Alright. So um, stilts huh?
Marcel?
Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
My uncle Marcel.
So Ross, what your problem?
I usually prefer Elizabeth's boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.
Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
Eh-wh-Excuse me?
What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
What? That's great. That is great. What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
Oh I...
All right, that's it! Come-you-no! You are in big trouble young man!
Could you guys help me?
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
It-it's really heavy.
Could you guys help me?
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
I got it. So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler.
All of them.
Yeah. I'm Stephanie.
Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
Oh yeah, so you know D?
Oh.... my.... God.
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Janice?
Hey, it's Janice.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
Well.
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Oh yeah.
Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?
Okay.
Hi Whitney.
Yep. Okay.
Hello, Mr. Bing.
Let's dry 'em again.
Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? Hey, Chandler.
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
It's the basketball playoffs.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
So Phoebe, you ah, sounded kinda serious on the phone, is ah, is anything wrong?
Jason?
Yeah, come on in.
Nah-ha!
No, they're-they're all true.
All those things I said about not being ready...
They're not true?
Oh.
Don't worry son, we'll just attach it and-
Did you bring the toe?
Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice!
What?! What is it?
No, she touched mine first!
She broke my arm.
He touched my fanny.
That's my job!
Well, the garage flooded sweetie and it ruined everything in your boxes. I'm sorry.
What?
Dad?
Just mine?
Two years.
It's okay...
I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Wow! I'm-I'm-I'm glad you smashed her watch!
This is my father, Paul Stevens. Dad, this is Ross Geller.
I'm sorry, it just-I don't know it doesn't really look like it can do anything.
It can do this.
It-it's great to meet you Paul.
Op, this is saved. Gift shop.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
Hey, uh, I'm really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
No no no no, it's potpourri. You're supposed to smell it.
It's dry.
Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels...Also what is with these chips you bought?
Well that's like summer in a bowl.
Yeah. Y'know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it's a seed.
Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.
Thanks.
Wow!!
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
What.
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Will you be my maid of honour?
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Okay.
Of course!
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
That could be it.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
I did not!
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
I am so hot for you right now.
Oh, hi.
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
Bob here.
So, uh, you met someone, huh?
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
I can't believe this!
Woooo! Yeah!
Yeah, okay. Alright.
Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
Phoebe, you're on.
Maybe I'll just turn the lights down a little.
Would you like to move over to the couch?
Mmm-Hmm.
How about all the way.
So we can go out again?
That's totally understandable.
Don't worry about it.
Oh yeah!
Bye guys.
Yeah, let's go.
Okay. See you guys later.
Yeah, see ya.
I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing!
Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do?
My god, what happened?
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
But that's what...
Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
Pretty much.
This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross.
Mr. Tribbiani.
How is you drinking helping the kids?
Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink.
Oh hi!
Okay, I don't need any toner because I'm going to kill myself.
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
I surely do!
Umm, is-is that because you're out of toner?
I got you...these.
What?
What... did you get me there?
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
Perhaps, uh, the three of us, just could. . .
OK, well, bye-bye again.
OK.
Oh, no no no no no.
Joey there's a girl on the phone for you.
Why?!
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Ohh great!! Hello.
Thank you.
I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
God, I love these fingers...
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
I'm sorry sweetie, it's the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some?
Ohh! Didn't know! Okay!
Okay! Ohhh no!
I can't promise anything.
Candy Lady?
We want candy! We want candy now!
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
No not Candy Lady.
Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!
Yeah!
Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Nope.
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...
Oh yeah, I'm so excited, I've never been there.
Oh, well, I'll show you around.
Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
Don't worry. You'll find some place to get married.
Oowww!!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
Good choice.
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Thanks.
Lovely to meet you.
Where?
Well there's one and there's another .
Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding.
Sir?
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
What's in it?
Um, cheers.
Um, maybe 15, 16 years.
That's just great.
Oh, right, clink.
Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
Hey!
Hi!
Oh. Oh.
Oh, umm, all right.
Hello. Hello.
Umm here's your 3-D glasses.
So how did you know Francis?
You're dying?!
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman's heart?
Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
It's not?
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
Way to go, Phoebe!
Oh, jeez.
My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
That cold makes you sound so great.
I was thinking what it would be like to kiss you.
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
Good. So what were you thinking?
Really?
I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.
Peel the onion. First of all, he's good looking.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Oh hi Phoebe.
Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.
Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
Mr. President.
No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.
How, how is this my fault?
Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
Are you serious?
You are so precious, I could just take you home.
Hey, why don't you?
Uh-huh, yeah!
What're you talkin' about, I was killin' 'em.
Yeah, just, I feel like I'm about a hundred. I thought I was just one of the guys.
Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
Yeah, well they suck too.
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Oh, you forgot?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Doug!!
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
Okay, bye.
No.
No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting.
We're gonna have a big family, I've always wanted a big family!
Three babies?
I finally got my band!
Oh God, I'm so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Okay, I bought a boat.
You bought a boat?
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
You by the door. In or out?
Um, I'm not actually Amish.
Really? Then why are you like that?
In.
Really? Then why are you like that?
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Um, I'm not actually Amish.
You by the door. In or out?
It's the basketball playoffs.
There's a game?
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
She you in the parking lot.
No, Rach!
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Oh, so did I.
Oh, I missed you too.
Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
No tongue.
I'm Marjorie.
What?!
You're coming on to the entire room! I'm Chandler.
Hi.
Hello.
No, seriously.
Oh, seriously you want him?
Hello.
So who made her queen of the world?
Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!
Seriously, I don't Rachel's gonna think it's a good idea.
I would love that job!
Oh, okay. Well, I'll just leave the door open and go sit on the couch.
I didn't ask. You wanna come in?
I don't know.
Chandler is such an idiot!
What's the matter?
Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.
What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Oh, alright.
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
Maybe. Does that scare ya?
Hey, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Both of us?
Relax. It's just Issac's D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
What?!
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
Sure. What?
I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
Yeah, sure. Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something?
Well, first it's not a purse.
Well, I'm going to go into my new apartment now. Ehh!
He told me in person.
That's weird.
Hi, again.
It's too late, all we can do now is sow up the wound.
Oh my God! There's a toe in my kitchen.
God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it!
Without my toe?! I need my toe!
Okay, here's where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that's a wrap!
Cut!
No! Year! Happy No Year!
Hey! Look who I found!
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Not all bad.
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Y'know, there are two people who could put your picture up there.
He's not here right now.
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? You're the other one right?
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
Hi, oh, I'm Lauren, Kate's understudy.
Hey, lovely! Come, talk to me a minute!
And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
Oh, hey! Joey Tribbiani.
What's the matter with him?
Oh, thank you Chandler! I just bought it.
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
I think he's stoned again.
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
How did we do?
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Hey!
Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
Hi darling.
Hi.
Hi.
So, what's this.
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?
You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
I wanna quit the gym.
Me? No.
Well, I should hope not. Ross knows better than that by now.
Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?
Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here!
Oh my God!
No, but this wonder broom is amazing!
Hey!
Oh! It's on! It's on!
No you answer it and take pledges.
This will be your phone.
That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls.
But I'm the host!
What does he look like?
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Oh, look at that.
Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait-wait!
Ohh!
All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun!
Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you're working?
Joey!
Yeah?
Uhh do it?
Okay, then.
Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
Okay.
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Ugh, tramp!
Does Joey have any idea?
Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
You too.
OK.
Take care.
What happened?
Hey, Monica!
What for?
I'm gonna go get one of those job things.
Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida?
Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.
What are these, stitches?
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
Sure, oh, is, is Frank home.
Where's your baby?
So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?
Oh, sure, they love us over there.
Ben! Ben! Ben!
Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends.
Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.
Relieved?
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
This is a great place. How long have you lived here?
Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother.
Hello! Here we go!
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
My uncle Marcel.
Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?
Guess what, I got an audition!
Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.
You bet! What's the part?
Oh my God.
Oh-ho-kay, I'm talking to the king.
Hey! You can't go back there!
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Sorry, members only.
Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?
Me? No.
I wanna quit the gym.
Yes, yes, do go on.
He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Uhh...Shall I go on?
He better go on for what I'm paying.
Just call me Paul.
Thanks for your help.
Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!
I'll get it! Happy Thanksgiving!
I can't imagine why.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
Ross, you remember Susan.
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Hi.
How could I forget?
Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons.
Ehhhh... B-Buttons.
Bob Buttons?
Oooh! You are a very bad man!
Want us to go?
Is your finger caught in that chair?
Mmm hmmm.
Uh-huh.
One swift kick and he'll back off.
Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
Huh?
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Right, I've got to be off, I'll see ya. Buh-bye then.
I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
Bye.
Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Just ah...
Oh Rachel, uhh...
What?
Excuse me?
So, uh, what are you going to do next?
Don't, I like it dirty.
That's your call.
Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
This is Wayne, the man who created and operates C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joey Tribbiani, this is...
Oh wow! He's so lifelike! Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears.
How do you do there, Wayne?
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
I would love it if I weren't here!
Me?!
Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.
I'll call you back.
So we can be friends who sleep together.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Would you like my tin-foil hat?
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Oh, that's fine, no.
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
How was that possible?
Okay.
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
What?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.
But don't you need experience for a job like that?
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
Nah that's okay. I'm just doing this to put myself through medical school.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Chandler!
Oh.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
Hi, how ya doing?
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Really?!
I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, I just loved your look when you were bald.
Ohh!
Sure!
Yeah, I've been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma's.
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Yeah. Thank you.
No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
We'll talk later.
That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Hi, how's it goin?
Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.
Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Really stupid.
Yeah. No. No...
Can I get you something from the bar?
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.
Yes, I would like something. No, no thank you.
I'll talk to her.
Is it bad?
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I hate actors.
Excuse me.
I hate actors.
Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Ahhhh.
Chandler Bing?
Uh, is your name Chandler?
Uh, yes, yes it is.
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Sorry.
...in love with you.
Really?
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
C'MON!
Yeah.
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm standin here, huh.
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
It's not a library...
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
It gives it a nice antiquey look.
Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there's none of that in here.
Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one.
Okay.
That would be great!
I really like waking up with you.
I like waking up with you too. Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. Oh, I can stay here all day.
We could have breakfast in bed...
You make me laugh.
Are you going to eat that bread?
Ohh, I just like the smell. Mmmm.
Hmm-Hmm.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Ross.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Really? That okay, that's great.
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
Hi!
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I'm engaged.
Well you should be embarrassed.
Awwwwwwww.
What happened?
Well we... we kinda broke up.
Does anybody want these?
I didn't ask. You wanna come in?
Hi.
I don't know why I'm here.
I don't know.
We'll go to a hotel.
Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
Who-ah-ho.
We'll go to a hotel.
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.
What?
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
Well, start looking.
Wow.
Right! You're right!
When's your birthday?
Your not doing it.
Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can't. We don't have that....
Feburary 16th.
No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
Oh, I get a puppy!!
Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn't even get to Italy?
Oh, say no more!
We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.
Yep, sucks!
Take a seat. You okay? You feeling all right?
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Uh-huh!
Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
Hi Rachel.
Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn't happen.
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
Mm! Seems like I would've remembered you!
Well okay, I'll swing by later. Do you live in this building?
Um-hmm.
Mm! Night Gar'!
I know! It's awful. I love you.
He's got a girlfriend!
I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
Have you seen Chandler?
Yeah. Are we nuts here?
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Oh, you're a grandpa.
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Well yeah.
Oh, I spilled some.
Wine?
Please.
I got it.
Relax. It's just Issac's D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.
Both of us?
Maybe. Does that scare ya?
We'll be there.
I know! Why don't you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
No, I'm sorry.
Wow! You guys really don't know anything!
You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Phoebe, come on!
And-and you're using my name!
Yeah, can I help you with something?
Look, I'm talking right now! You're-you mean her.
I've never seen it!
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
Oh you should, it's great.
...on the rocks with a twist? I remember.
Drink?
Yeah, I'll have a scotch...
Still smoking cigars?
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
Well, I don't know. Are you a masseur?
Yes I am.
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
That you and daddy were not on a break.
No more pranks.
And-and what else?
Very good.
What's it look like?
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Kinda like a big face without skin.
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
Absolutely! Is Friday okay?
Friday's perfect...She can't wait.
Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. I have a date with Danny.
All right, let's try one.
Hmm, noodle soup.
How's that different? Oh! Yeah!
Hmm, noodle soup.
For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel!
But...
Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
Oh, hey, hey, I got that.
Thank you. I'm from New York.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
I guess we just keep dancing.
God. I love you.
I know you do. Me too. So what now?
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Wait a minute, you don't have renter's insurance?!
I'm sorry, let her?
What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either.
No.
I'm really sorry but I may be a little while longer.
Hi! How are you?
Hello, Joanna......'s office.
How little?!
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
Or?
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-
This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
Not yet.
So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
Pretty soon I guess.
Huh? What?
For what?
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Of course, yeah!
Ooh, I like cards.
Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie. Ameri-ccan.
Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
Still no smile?
Ameri-can.
I got to go, so ah, I'll see you guys later.
That's not a state Joe.
Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?
Okay.
Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it.
Well, it felt French.
Oh God, I really had a good time!
Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Call me!
You did so. I swear, I swear How long has she been in the bathroom?
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Since then?!
...I d'know.
Periodontist.
Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.
Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Some guys are just lucky I guess.
Oh Drake.
Hard day huh? First the medical award, this.
Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
What?!
It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.
About what?
Hi.
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Y'know, about what happened with us.
Hi, I'm Joshua.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
Hi!
Hi, I'm Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?
Thank you. All right.
Yeah!
Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
Ugh!
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Yeah! Right!
I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
WHAT IS IT?!
Hey, buddy.
Really?
No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..
Hi.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
Um, cheers.
Oh, right, clink.
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Eh, do you believe that?
Yeah?
Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
You're good. You're good!
Why would you say that?
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
No, I don't know him.
Sipowicz? No, I don't think so.
Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.
Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Yay!!
What?
I got a gig!
See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
Well, I think I'll go and unpack.
I'm a dancer.
You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
Oh, hey let me.
For all the free food you gave away.
Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
What?!
Well if it's free food, how come you're charging me for it?
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joe! I'm glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!
Wow!
I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
I think that's fair.
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Hey Chandler, you can't keep your hands off her for one second!
Come on!
Come on! Speech!
Oh-ho, I think it's nice.
What? Do you think he likes me?
Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad?
So, um, are you gonna call him?
No, Joey.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Say something..... hot.
Yes...
Ah....
Er.... um.....
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
I am supposed to be the mommy?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.
Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.
Uh, wait, backstage?
Ross.
I'm Chandler's new roommate.
Who are you?
Hi, I'm Eric, I'm gonna be Chandler's new roommate.
I-I-I don't think so.
I-I-I don't think so.
Hi, I'm Eric, I'm gonna be Chandler's new roommate.
I'm Chandler's new roommate.
I could be Chandler's new roommate.
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
Booo!!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.
No thanks, Mom!
Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.
Ha-ha, it's not my baby, ha-ha-ha!
I don't think I'd be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.
Really?
Yeah?
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
Well, then it's not on the wall yet.
Show me in the table.
Oh well, it's not on TV yet.
Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh?
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it!
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
All right, he's coming. He's coming!
The other us.
Oh, you and me?
Uh, no, Susan and me.
Ok.
G'night.
Yeah!
G'night, bro.
Here. Y'know, just in case.
Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it's his first time.
No.
You'll see.
You don't say!
It is off. Right Ross?
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Oh, dad, turn it off.
Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.
The pizza-place across the street any good?
What?!
Okay. Okay.
France sucks!
Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?
Oh, well we cut the trip short.
Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.
C.H.E.E.S.E. is right here.
I'll let you two guys get acquainted, huh?
Okay. Sorry about that... Uh, so where's C.H.E.E.S.E.?
Nice to meet you Mac!
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
Well, it was great seeing you the other night.
Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
What uh-What did you-What?!
Oh, it's you.
Yeah, no we're not thirty. We're 31. Okay.
Wait!
Yeah. What?!
Yeah, we're not thirty, we're 31.
Oh, it's you.
Yeah. What?!
Nu-uh!
Yes!
Would you stop?
Oh, was I doing it again?
I said that you had a nice butt, it's just not a great butt.
Huh. That's nice.
You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
Oh, I love you too. But...
No but, no but.
That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Tribbiani.
Where you goin'?
Woah.
Foxy lady.
Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.
Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Stay well.
I tell ya a lot things!
Well it's wonderful to have you up and about, again, dear.
Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Rust, is boat cancer, Ross.
Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that.
Okay.
So far, I've sold seventy-five.
The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
Yeah.
Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
