Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
Joey, had reasons.
They were threefold.
Open the box!!
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
I sure did!
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
Well it's not Sean Penn.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Uh-huh.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
Maybe.
I think so.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
True story.
They're here already?
It was.
Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Wow!
Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
Then don't leave me!
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Um.. we should really be sitting for this.
Sure we should... So.
Okay.
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Listen to me!
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
That's alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren't supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I'm sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.
I wasn't supposed to put beef in the trifle!
I wanna gooooooo!
And we kinda figured about the porch swing.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
What uh-What did you-What?!
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Okay.
All right, I'm sorry.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
What's the matter?
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Oh, sweetie, oh.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
What?
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's just the way it is.
That's crazy.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Hi.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Oh well, no I...
I-I-I think you look great.
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
What woman?!
Chelsea.
Can I be that guy?
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
I'm...happy...for you?
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.
You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie.
Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Hello.
Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Wow! Umm....
I dropped a cup.
Oh, this is so great.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
See if he has ice.
Okay.
Oh. Oh!
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
I-I'm sorry?
No look, I-I'm sure that people know you exist!
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita!
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Sure.
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
So...What?
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Saw a girl with that vest.
Thanks.
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh?
We're on in 3, 2,
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.
Yeah?
I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.
Mmm-mmm.
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
You didn't know that already?
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
Phoebe...
Yeah?
That's so sweet.
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
You probably want us to move in together?
It doesn't scare me!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
Hi. Hi.
What are you doing here?
...I'm, I'm okay.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
I didn't realize that.
Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
Let me get that. You got five bucks?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
I have actually not heard of that.
Why don't you tell me something I don't know!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
Oowww!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
What did you do when they found out?
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
Oh my God!
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Ohh.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
I am Guru Saj.
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
What's a koondis?
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
Oh.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
When?
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Well so?
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
I stepped in something icky.
Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.
Her name's Debra.
Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?
Sure.
No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.
Uh-huh. G-good deal.
I'm sorry.
Oh my God, I didn't...
Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Except stilts.
Stilts?
Wow.
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
Oh, hi Chloe.
And that's the only colour that comes in.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Yeah, take your time.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Not all bad.
Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
No you robot!!
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Of course, what happened?
I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London-well Shropshire really but y'know-well she's about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you'd like to keep her company this evening?
Rachel! Could I have a moment?
Yes.
Sure. You got it. Great!
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Shut up!
I'm sorry!
Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna...
Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little rain must fall. Fortunately, in my life... It's raining men!
You okay?
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Hallelujah!
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Hi Frank.
Hi, Mrs. Knight.
Yeah, but not just that.
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
You want some help.
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.
Oh God.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
Uh-huh.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
What happened son?
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
Thank you!
Make sure you get this, they're gonna want it for the bloopers show. Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it's gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody's excitement.
Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!
Yes!
Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Okay.
Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?
Yeah, Sarah, anything.
Yesss?
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Oh. Oh, that's great!
Look Joey, there's nothing I can do. Besides, you're probably gonna be out by four anyway. We've just got one short scene. It's just you and Richard, and God knows he's a pro. You'll be fine. Morning Richard.
But you're not bald.
It's not on my head.
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
I'm in love with you.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
Oh, okay.
Wow! Umm....
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Nope. Schhorry.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's too bad.
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
Hmm.
Why did you hire me?
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
I-I-I...
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
I came to give you this and this.
Oww! Big ring!
Hold on, you-you knew?
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
It's ok. I'm sorry.
I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
Really? Me?
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Oh?
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.
That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
It's the basketball playoffs.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
How are you?
What are you doing here?
What happened?
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Yeah, you're right.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
My God! You love me!
What?
Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra...
Me too.
Hey! I just heard. What's up?
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Anyone mind if I save this?
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Yeah.
Yeah. Hmmmm.
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Nooo.
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
Don't spoil it.
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
Long story, honey.
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Good luck!
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Daryl Hannah.
Hard quality.
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...
You sure?
Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.
Hey, can I ask you something?
Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I'll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
You're next!!
Okay. I didn't know he was here.
Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
Yes?
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Thank you, sir.
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
Right.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Uh, the usher told us to come...
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
Just relax. Just relax Paul, you're doing great. She likes you. She... Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y'know why? Because you're a neat guy. You are the man. You are the man! I still got it. Nice and sexy. You're just a love machine. I'm just a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! Showtime. I'm just a love machine, yeah ba-by!
Okay.
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
Phoebe!
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?
Hey, Mom? Having fun?
There's more alcohol, right?
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
Why?
Okay.
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
What?!
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
What were you doing in Africa?
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up!
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
You do Pheebs?
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Step away from the duck.
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Monica said that did she?
Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
I came to talk to you about Howard.
Howard?
Oh that's nice.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?
No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
What.
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
Hey.
She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
They do!
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
Okay, bye.
No.
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
So you're the gynaecologist?
Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Thomas, come back here!
You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
...He's in.
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Yo- hooo!
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Oh, yeah?
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Ok, that's so nice.
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
Ohh, ohh.
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
No.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Hhhhiiiii.
Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
Yeah, well.
Oh yeah, I'd love that.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
Hold on, you-you knew?
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
So how long have you known?
And um, and there's actually a, a woman?
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the feeling you had something to do with it.
What do you mean?
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Any time.
Ross.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
That guy Lipson?
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
Yeah, OK.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
So, what are you saying now?
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
It's not a library...
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
When I was six years old.
Hm-mmm.
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.
Thank you. What a bitch.
I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
What?!
What?!!!
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Is it bad?
I'll talk to her.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
All right, on the table.
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert.
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
Cat hair.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
The Waltham Residence.
Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
What are you saying?!
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.
Ooh, erotiery!
Okay.
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
That's totally understandable.
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
I'm a waitress.
Yeah. Gotcha.
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
Are you close with them?
No-no, they're not very nice people.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Okay, great.
I'll catch you guys later.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
On TV?! Yeah!
'Kay!
What the?!
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
It's not random, it's Bob.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
Feelings, such strong feelings.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Chandler!
Mom. Thanks for wearing something.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
What?!
But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
No, Frank.
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
How was that possible?
Okay.
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Oh!
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. Did you hear what I said Bing?
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Oh.
What?
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Since then?!
...I d'know.
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
What?
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
Oh, okay. Hey, two beers.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Your grandmother would have hated this.
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
That sounds like Nana.
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Bob here.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
There is no alley behind Macy's.
Our next cocktail party?
Okay. All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that's your cue to cry. Got it? All right, let's do this.
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
Scene 5, take 1.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Yeah!
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
...Like, ...all of them?
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
I'm 16.
See you in 2003.
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Oh...wait...you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
It's actually going to be just family.
How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look!
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
What a wank!
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
I didn't... I never said that.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Hey, how long are you in the city?
Oh, this is my friend Roger.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
How do you mean?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Tribbiani.
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
How are you honey?
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
What's this?
Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Oh, good. Thisll be fun.
What? What? What?
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Okay, so it's a date.
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Ohh, impressive.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Okay.
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Kinda.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
Why, does she have a bad personality?
Oh no, Bonnie's the best!
What is with him?
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
It's about you.
Oh, okay then.
Good. So what were you thinking?
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
My friend's name is Joey.
Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Okay, but.
Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Yeah!
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
Marry me.
Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.
I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.
Ohhh! That is soo sweet!
All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Like-like what?
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.
Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.
Well, uh, I ate some.
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
Or?
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Nothing I do means anything, really.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Umm, I think you're really, really great...
I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.
Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Julie.
Ohh. Hi!
And bus.
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Oh! Wow! Hey!
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
That's all right, that's well, I figured....
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Y'know what? It doesn't matter! Because it is not true!
Okay.
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
Hey!
Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Here's my binoculars.
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
This bill for my half of the wedding. it's insane.
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge?
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
I-I sure will, take care.
Oh.
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
But it's my car!
Yeah, but it's my wax.
Sure. Here. I'll uh, save your parking spot.
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Wow! What did he say?
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
What are you talking about?
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
I think I lost. Three times.
Uh...Cookie?
Yeah, sure.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
What?!
I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
Oh no!
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Bob here.
What've you been up to?
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Oh hey, Pheebs!
Hey!
Yeah, okay, my bad.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Hard quality.
Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
...And what did you bring?
Janice?
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
...And what did you bring?
Janice?
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
What?!
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
YOU IDIOT!!!!!
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
So you still in touch with anyone from high school?
Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
Is that all?
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
I mean, thats what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
Okay. You've got a small, minor infection in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.
1...2! Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have glaucoma.
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
I don't think so.
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Oh yeah. Definitely.
I, Emily...
I'm sorry Chandler, y'know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don't want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.
Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don't feel that way about you.
Oh no-no-no, that's not-No-no-no!
No-no-Really?!
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Oh, you forgot?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Doug!!
Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.
Are you intrigued?
You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Wow, it is easy. Now, I can have milk everyday.
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
God Ross, what is that?
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
I love you, Pete!!!
Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.
Things change, roll with em.
But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
I'm sorry. See ya.
Monica! Chandler! I'm really-really sorry about tonight. I don't know if Joey told you; I just couldn't get out of going to this play. I'm sorry. Have a great time.
Oh that's too bad.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
'Kay!
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
Ehh, pardon me?
But he has to know how I feel!
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
I wa-
Uuuh.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
Shhhh!
Oh, you said it Mike. Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
I know! I can't wait!
Were you're parents happy, or something?
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Ya know, she's having another baby.
I thought she just had one.
Oh, you're a grandpa.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Umm, I'm still here.
What?!
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
Oh.
Heh?
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Everything?
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.
Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?
Who?
Hombre?
Normally, I would not do it.
Sure.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
Cut.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
Aaaaagggghhhhh.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
No he, he moved out and I moved in.
Hello.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
What about the part where he has rabies?
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Ok, that's Eric.
Glad to be of help. Matches.
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Ok, that's Eric.
I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
You're scratching. Give me the dice.
What're you doing? Are you scratching?
No. This is what I do for luck, ok.
No.
Yes!!
Before!!
Now, does it really matter?
Well, okay, I made a touchdown. It was my first touchdown. So?
Ohhhh.
Yes!!
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. The Lightning Round!
Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
Hi!
Ni-chou chi-ma!
Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
Hi.
Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?
Ah.
Oh, hi, darling!
Oh, well we cut the trip short.
Like it would help.
Hi!
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
You are so bad!
Wow!
Really?
Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right?
You keep saying that.
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Oh!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Well I just thought...
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Oh. Whew!
Excuse me?
Oh! Him.
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Hey Rachel!
Hi!
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
I hate actors.
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I'll talk to her.
Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Uh, is your name Chandler?
Excuse me.
Ahhhh.
Uh, yes, yes it is.
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler Bing?
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Almost! But first, we gotta start.
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
So were done then!
Okay.
Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.
I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
So, uh, wh-where ya from?
From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
Monica! What...
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
That bitch!
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
I know. I hate that!
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
Dude!
Hi honey.
Hi.
Hey.
Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Y'know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.
Oh?
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? You're the other one right?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.
You're welcome. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
It's worth the pain. Y'know what, you know what? It's not.
Well, I-I guess I gotta go.
Yeah, isn't that great?
Aren't you going to swallow that?
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling.
Mmm.
You are gonna be fine, believe me.
No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
Right.
Uh-oh...
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
No, this is a loaner.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.
You don't clean the cappuccino machine?
Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
Done.
Yes.
You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Hi.
Me either...
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Ross, you remember Susan.
We've gotta go, we've got that cab waiting.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
Alright, alright, ok. Bye.
Which one?
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
...The second guy.
Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.
Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.
What?
Huuh.
Honey, honey, people are looking.
No, I-I-I gotta go.
No. No! No! No!
I don't care! I don't care!!
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
Susan, go deep.
What is, honey?
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Buddy, my monkey?
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
So uh, where's Monica?
Hi, Chandler.
Hey Joe does it have meatballs on it?
It's the-Chandler!!
Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
Oh-ho, yeah!
Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Are you serious?
What?
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
You know what I like most about him, though?
The way he makes me feel about myself.
Yay!
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
I'll go.
Welcome to America.
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
How are you honey?
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
All right. I think it was a mouse.
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
What.
Hang on.
Hello, excuse me.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
'Scuse me?
Ewww!
Pudo aver sido General Tso!
Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!
Hola, Joey!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
It's not random, it's Bob.
No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.
Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.
I'll get it.
I got itI'm getting it!
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? Hey, Chandler.
Hello, Mr. Bing.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Aww!
I can hear you!
I am loud!
That's funny.
Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.
Ross of.....
Of Ross and Rachel.
Oh hey, hey Mark.
I will go for that drink.
So, do we have the best friends or what?
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Really?
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Yeah... ..see, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar.
Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus?
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
That's not true?
No.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
I think you may have a drinking problem.
What these? Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
Oh... shoot.
Morning.
Oh good, Lenny and Squigy are here.
Morning. Good morning.
Morning, Paul.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
I stepped in something icky.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
No, it's too soon for you guys.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Yeah, you're right about that.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Monana was very brave.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.
Okay, quit down.
Mr. Simon's been waiting for- Oh my God!
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Minsk. It's in Russia.
Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Minsk?
I know where Minsk is.
No, she's at a faculty meeting.
Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
See if he has ice.
Okay.
Oh. Oh!
Huh?!
Are you sure?
Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.
So, how ya doin?
Hello, Ross?
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Hello.
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
That's not so good.
What'd I get?
Seven.
No-no it's not. What-what happened there Ned?
Why are you yelling?
Ohh, I wouldn't do it in there. That's my dad's bedroom.
That's your, that's your dad's bedroom. That's your dad's bedroom!
Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!
And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.
That was great, the kids loved you.
Yay, I rock.
But.
Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead.
No-no, thank you.
All right, I'm here, let's ahh, get this over with.
Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
It was, wasn't it?
Well, thanks again for lunch.
Yes, this, this was pleasant.
The food there was, was great.
We kinda need to talk.
Oh he knows! For the most part.
Oh hey! Good, you're both here.
Both of you together?
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross, I'm gonna go.
Go? Why?
But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
No, I'm not.
Oh, don't worry about it.
No, really you're gonna freeze.
You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot?
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
Fired! Why?
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Is that supposed to be funny?
Hey, we were sitting there.
Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it?
No actually, I was just going for colorful.
Oh.
What?
Intense and creepy.
But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
Umm, yeah! Today's.
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
Oh, that's fine, no.
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Look, can, can you do something for me?
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
So, I hear, you hate me!
I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
What?!
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
My Father is Chuck Magioni?
Hey Monica, it's Chip.
All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them.
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
Yesss!!
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
You don't want him, but you don't want me to have him?
Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.
What umm, what happened?
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
There's one thing missing.
And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.
Wow.
What's that?
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.
Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
Ohh-ha-ha!
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
Oh, okay.
Wow! Umm....
Howard's the handy man!
Oh, okay, I get it.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
Yes but too me he's just, man.
Ohh, I thought that you....
Judy, the kids..
Jack, that's what they call the subway.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Oh, am I on the radio?
Well, if you're one of Ross's best friends, why aren't you here?
Yeah, um, I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies.
No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important.

You owe me a cat.
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Wow.
What about it?
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Hi, did you order some bananas?
Gimme back my monkey.
Bye.
Okay.
G'bye, everybody.
Whoo-hoo!
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
We've got a problem.
Tell me.
Is it bad?
You told me you didn't see anything.
Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg.
It's so wonderful to see you again, my dear, in fact I hardly expected to see so much.
I tell ya a lot things!
And you knew about this?!
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Nope. Schhorry.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Oooooo....
Was it...?
Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
"Ooo," what?
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Hi.
Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?
Thank you. Uh...
Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
I don't want you taking that thing.
Who-ah-ho.
Oh, wow! You remembered! Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos!
Uh-huh.
Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
Right, like the kind you...
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Heh... y'know?
Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
Right! You're right!
You know what?
Cantaloupe juice.
Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh...
Exactly.
You're doing it again.
Not hating Yanni is not a real reason.
Hello, Mr. Heckles.
We're not doing anything.
Woah.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Foxy lady.
Honey.
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
Oh.
Hey.
Based on this play? ...Based on this play!
Hey, kids.
No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
No, I'm picking you up.
Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
No, I'm alright man. Really.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
Hhhhiiiii.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Um, do you wanna sit?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Of course.
This is unbelievable.
We've got a problem.
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Tell me.
Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
Mom, it's OK.
It is Judy.
Found it.
Uh, the dog.
Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
Huh.
Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
Eddie, do you remember yesterday?
Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
Uh, yes.
Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.
Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
So what happened?
We took a road trip to Las Vegas man.
Uh, yes.
So what happened?
Oh sweet Moses.
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Oh sweet Moses.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Nice.
Wh..
One more chance Ursula, please?
Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
It's no big deal. Chandler was just kissin' me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.
What's goin' on?
You're it! Now run and hide!
What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
Here, let me. Rachel Green's line, how may I help you?
Twenty percent.
Oh!! I love this job! Wow! My first call.
Hi, is Rachel there?
Actually, that's our three hole punch.
Yeah, but wait...
Good bye!
Hey.
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
Yes, please.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
Do you?
Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Do I?
Yeah, I do, yeah.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
But you're not. Okay, good.
I'm sorry.
It's not?
Yeah.
Yeah!
And did you notice...?
Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
I love you, love you.
Okay, I love you.
I love you.
Okay. Well, it's good news. It's good news.
Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?
What, look back?
Well, you're not gonna get going are you?
Well, no. But...
I'm in my boss's car!
I can't!!
Why not?!
What?!
Who's out there?
With such a sad history.
Could there be more Kims?
It's me! Good morning!
Rachel?
Oh! Yeah!
Hockey! Hockey! Hockey.
Oh my God!
Why not? What's going on?
Chandler?
Oh, he-he can't talk right now.
He's just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Just give me a chance too...
Why? So you could hang up on me?
Look, I-I'm never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
I want a retraction! Our food is not inedible swill!
No! Phoebe!
Hey, Monica!
I couldn't eat it! I had five friends who couldn't eat it, and one of them eats books.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Yes.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Hey!
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.
Hi!
I'm sorry, I'm late.
Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.
The one with "Heston" on it.
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
Interesting.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
We were playing rugby.
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
I'm sorry, I, I just need a little time.
My marriage like just ended, and I'm really not ready to get into anything yet.
But....
Okay.
This is so nice. Thank you for doing this.
Okay.
So I guess it's Joey then!
Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. Ahh. So, dig in!
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
But he has to know how I feel!
Well I-I think your wrong.
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
You are!
Like it would help.
You are so bad!
You are!
...so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here forgets the camera!
No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Oh yeah!
Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Oh, good point.
Yeah!
Happy New Year!
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
I am not going to apologize to a tree!
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Nothing at all?
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Uh-huh!
Thank you! Enjoy your flight?
Good. I should really start wearing hats!
Welcome to Las Vegas.
Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent.
Hope you had a nice flight.
Thank you! Enjoy your flight?
Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent.
Ohh, it was the best!
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Oh well, no harm, no foul.
Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Why?
Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Why?
Bastard!
What's a matter with you?
Yes. They're insanely white.
I-I, did that for you.
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Ohh honey come here. Ohh it will be ok. We've all been there.
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
You and Ralph?
Hey guys!
Is that your card?
Yes.
Hi!
Can't have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can't have is dairy!
Why are you so jealous of me?
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
Oh great! Thanks Ross, you're such a good friend!
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Ohh!
Okay.
Be right there. Be back in a sec.
I dumped him.
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Hope! Hope!
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Oh! Thank God!
Drake!
Drake!
Oh! Thank God!
Hope! Hope!
You're not dying Hope, you're gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.
Here you go honey!
Yeah, I recognize the ankles!
Get up!
Ahh. Thank you!
Elizabeth, what are you doing here?!
Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Obviously.
Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
You are?
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Yeah!
Hey Rachel!
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
Hi!
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Lucky bastard! Janice.
I'm fine.
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Any luck?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
You put these on my desk!
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Well, at least I'm not a murderer!
What are you going to do? Kill him? Like you did with Charles?!
That was an accident! And so were you.
Oh, my baby!
It wasn't my decision!
Joey.
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
Oh no-no-no-no, being adored. I'm used to it, don't worry about it.
Nice to meet you! My God you're great!
Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I...
Oh my God!
Let's go!!
Hey! Don't be a baby!
Well I...
Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!!
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
...I d'know.
You're one to talk.
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
She's still with you?
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
God!
Yeah, OK.
Hello, Monica. Hello, greeter girl.
This is Rachel.
Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of of, OK, smells.
Aaaahhhhhhh.
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
I'm outa here.
I'm probably gonna need those. Huh?
Yeah?
You ah, you forgot your shoes.
Hey, listen you ah....
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
Not me.
May I ask why?
I surely do!
What's up? You're voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.
Hey, Rachel.
Hi!
Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. See you.
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
An advance?
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
Hello.
Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
One more chance Ursula, please?
You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....
What?
Oooh. Oh, well this is awkward.
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?!
Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit.
I take it.
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Not so fast Wesley!
Remoray!
Oh! Thank God!
Of course we'll help! Yeah! We'll be here!
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Thanks!
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Oh, you're not a dingus.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Uh, the usher told us to come...
Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.
Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Okay.
No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Dude!
Sorry!
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Hi Kim.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Hi Ralph.
Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.
Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.
It's not all juice!
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Hi! Hi. I think I left my keys here somewhere.
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Oh hi!
Oh! Well let's look for them. Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?
Uh-huh! Let me ask you something?
Someone I can spoil, y'know?
Sp-spoil?
Uh-huh.
What is, honey?
Susan, go deep.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What is, honey?
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Fellas, these guys were here first.
Sorry.
There you go.
Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
Sorry.
Thank you Gunther. We didn't want to have to go and do that.
You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
Oh. Oh! I can do it!
Yeah!
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.
Ohh, okay. Something didn't quite add up there.
You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.
Ross!
Hello, Sir. You're here to return those pants?
Um... Done!
Hey!
No, these are my pants.
Oh! That was Lambchop!
Oh, God!
Okay..
Please, guys, we have to talk.
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Why is this happening to me?! I don't know, maybe it's my wound.
Forget it.
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
I'll see you.
Me too.
Okay.
Bye.
You have really great hair.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!
Oh come on, it's only fair, you paid for the flight. Now is, is that enough lire?
Why, how much is that?
Ross, they are killing you out there!
Oh, poor baby.
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
That's not true!
Okay!
Hey, but at least you got that cool, pregnant lady glow.
That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
Oh, here's that trench-coat that you wanted.
That's not true?
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
No.
Well they said I should bring someone. Do you wanna be my dance partner?
Well I'm gonna be on it this year. I'm gonna be one of the party people.
You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Are you guys ready?
Hey!
Hey!
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
Oh yes, there you are.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Ross!
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Paolo. Hi.
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Your messages have been erased.
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Noooooooo!
Oh, no.
Out!
Breathe, breathe, breathe...
Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
Excuse me, there was no time!
Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Does anybody need more coffee?
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
Oh you're right. Thank you! What's your name again?
Joey.
It wasn't my decision!
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
Hi Rachel!
Hey!
So were done then!
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
Oh my God!
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
No.
Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
But my apartment is so...
Hey, what kind of puppy do you think I should get?
Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Of course I do.
You do?
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
I just did them.
Could I play?
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Joey.
Are you gonna go over there?
No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
You look good.
What?!
Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Who is it?
No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.
Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.
It's Phoebe.
Hey, it's so nice to finally meet you!
Ross!
I'll be right there. Hello! Hello! Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Me too!
Help!
Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. Ow.
Hi! Remember me?
Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face and her chest I could really put something together.
Could I borrow it?
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
How to make the next one even shorter?
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Cleveland.
He is so cute. So, where did you guys grow up?
Brooklyn Heights.
How, how did that happen?
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
Is there a Julio here?
I am Julio.
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
Behind you?
Oh my God!
Oh I know, my God, this is so-this rice is so-I am so good.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Is there something wrong?
Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
