Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
That's alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren't supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I'm sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie.
...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.
No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.
Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London-well Shropshire really but y'know-well she's about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you'd like to keep her company this evening?
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little rain must fall. Fortunately, in my life... It's raining men!
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
Make sure you get this, they're gonna want it for the bloopers show. Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it's gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody's excitement.
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
Look Joey, there's nothing I can do. Besides, you're probably gonna be out by four anyway. We've just got one short scene. It's just you and Richard, and God knows he's a pro. You'll be fine. Morning Richard.
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra...
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...
Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I'll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Just relax. Just relax Paul, you're doing great. She likes you. She... Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y'know why? Because you're a neat guy. You are the man. You are the man! I still got it. Nice and sexy. You're just a love machine. I'm just a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! Showtime. I'm just a love machine, yeah ba-by!
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. Did you hear what I said Bing?
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Okay. All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that's your cue to cry. Got it? All right, let's do this.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
Oh...wait...you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge?
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
Okay. You've got a small, minor infection in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
I'm sorry Chandler, y'know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don't want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.
Monica! Chandler! I'm really-really sorry about tonight. I don't know if Joey told you; I just couldn't get out of going to this play. I'm sorry. Have a great time.
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.
I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
The three losers. Oh, poor Lily. Ohh, y'know I-I heard about what happened, that must have been just terrible for you, losing your mother that way.
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn't really leave me much choice. Did you?
Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!
Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don't know, we were, we were making out.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?
Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. Since when did you start smoking cigars?
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Ahh, forget it! I'll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I'm just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.
Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it's also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing!
Excuse me. You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Well yeah, I'm sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your 4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.
Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
Say Rachel, I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me sometime. As my lover! Nnnsch, to out there. Maybe you'd just like to ah, get something to eat with me sometime? As my lover.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
All right, I'm leaving! Because I'm not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That's you Rachel!
Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
...and I know I'll never miss doing it, but I gotta tell you, it's pretty cool knowing that you're making a difference in a kid's life.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.
Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
For I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars.
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
Y'know what daddy? If you don't like Ross, that's fine. It doesn't matter to me, I'm gonna go out with him anyway.
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!! Here! Hey man, you want the aisle?
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
No! That's bluffing. Lesson number one. Let me tell you something... everything you hear at a poker game is pure crap. : Nice earrings.
I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart, you too Chandler.
Ross, it's going to be okay. I'm not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You're not feeling left out or anything are ya?
Hi Rachel. Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
Oh, they're working on this week, it's a total mess. But uh, I'm staying at my parents' house, we could go there.
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Hey. Oh no it's fine, don't worry about it. Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it's okay. Yeah! I'll talk to you tomorrow. I should uh, probably go.
Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
Oh, yeah. I love Jennifer Van Murray's work. She's so brilliantly incisive when it comes to deconstructing the psyche of the American middle class.
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman's day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000!
Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies have been.
Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?
Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we're just gonna be right over there having coffee.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
I don't think you understand packing. Look, I just don't want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I'll be here. Not smoking.
Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom.
I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.
Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it's kinda fun hiding.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Aww, look who's being suddenly shy. You can't tell me you don't feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it.
It's been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You're a teacher. I'm a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.
Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Well I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh! I'm getting all misty here! You'd think I was having my legs waxed or something.
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.. ...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
Did you hear that?! I don't need you guys to care about me! Because the universe cares! The whole universe! I really wished they'd care just a little bit though.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, barnyard animals.
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.
Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me.
Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face.
So Ross was in college and decided to jump at the chance to take a young girl to her high school prom.
Because if you feel uncomfortable with your friend dating someone you work for, there are always ways to fix...that.
And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
Oh, all she said was that I remind her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about?
This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty.
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
Yeah, it's-it's my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would've told you about it, but I didn't know they would be here.
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
So are ready for the gym? They've got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.
Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I'm basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, We've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea you and me spending some quality time together.
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It's just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.
I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?
Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.
Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?
All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he's just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Look, youre cold, I have to pee, and... ..theres a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be?
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
Good runnin' into you at the bank today, so ah, here's my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?
Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.
We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I'll wait for you. Do you even know how long you're going to be gone?
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please. Let's roll it.. water's working .. and... action.
Ooh, actually I've been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y'know, not two nights in a row. Okay?
Well, I don't know tonight when they yelled cut and we didn't get to kiss, I was really, really, disappointed, and I just, really wanted to kiss you
Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Oh, no-no, y'know I absolutely adore Rachel it's just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it's absolutely your decision. More tea?
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach.
Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'
I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don't think your son will think it's yours and be horribly traumatised?
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I'm sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.
Ok, I have to sleep on the west side because I grew up in California and otherwise the ocean would be on the wrong side.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!
It's okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is 'how much it bothers you?' because I don't like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
Oh, that sounds lovely. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.
That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...
I can't believe you thought that you were going to video tape us having sex on the first date!
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Yeah-yeah, it's this huge place, and-and it's got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
I used to umm, schedule my classes so I could watch Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives.
Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?
Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica's place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.
Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
Well, you've got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
Kidding! I'm gonna get there early, but I'm going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.
So Monica let me ask you a question. Y'know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
I've gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica's room.
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs...
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.
Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to Florida for a couple weeks.
Okay, here's where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that's a wrap!
Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found ninja stars, I almost got arm broken by a hooker...
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Um-hmm, and did you stay up all night in preparation for your sleep study. Uh, sir?
But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
Oh honey, come on, have a sense of humour, you've never been able to laugh at yourself.
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
And we'll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Oh, like I'd give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.
You know, we're all wondering who this Rachel is. Can you point her out to me?
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.
Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. Are you okay?
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.
I know I didn't do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.
I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
And if that person is already in your life, you should do something about it right?
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, "Excuse me, hello Miss," so now Im here.
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
Oh, sure, yeah. This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
No! Thank you! Monica, and Ross! I don't know what I'm gonna do about the two of you!
Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. Are you all right sweethart?
Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
That guy has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He's complained about you three times!
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
I don't know about the hands, but the guy that was here before me just went to the bathroom.
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter but... Okay, why not?
We don't have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We've got a canoe.
Well, Adrian's looking for a reason to stay, right? Victor can't just kiss her, he's gotta, gotta really give her a reason, y'know?
Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!
I was passin' by and I saw that you were playing tonight, it's kinda cool seeing you up there.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?!
Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?
Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.
Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
Say uh, Bing, did you hear about the new law firm we got working for us?
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
I know! Why don't you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Well then you can't have any. Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! "Help! I'm drowning! Help!"
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.
Wow! Uh, this is kind of embarrassing. I was actually coming over to talk to your friend.
No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... ..bringing swordfish. are you gonna go to the, um?
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back..
Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?
Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-with her and her daughter.
Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
This ring is from the 1920s, it's a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don't wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
That's what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you spit!
Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.
Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?!
If anyone asks, we'll just say Ben addressed them. Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So? Who?
I'm not very fond of New York. Queens I like. Ooh, what is this sparkle something! Honey! Huh?
Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
And the next time you cater for me, there will be nothing but ice in the freezer.
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Y'know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn't.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?
Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way.
Oh, he's fine. He's fine. It's just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn't like me.
Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.
This is where Ross and I are meeting for our date. So, what do you think?
Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Oh, that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
I'm sorry, is this the same Rachel who's name you said at the altar in the second marriage?
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Hey! So since we're getting off early, do you want to go and paint mugs?
Yeah, so we just thought we'd stop by and let you know there's still no pressure.
Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it's his first time.
Okay, but isn't sex better when it's with one person that you really, really care about.
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call sometime, we could talk or somethin'.
Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It's bad luck.
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.
He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.
..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
I've probably been talking too much. Why don't we talk about you a little bit?
Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this.
How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!
Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?
Well, it's not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office?
Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.
Yeah he's no good. Do you ever think about me in a non-eye doctor way?
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me!
I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Chandler, we've been here for an hour doing this! Now watch, it's easy.
That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
OK, now before I go, does anybody else need to be picked up? I'm still gonna go.
...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.
Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.
No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. Do you want some chicken?
Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to...
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?
Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!
I'm very interested to find out who's been doing her taxes these last four years.
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
Well, he better not come by here. He can't see the bride in the wedding dress.
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Comin' out. Place your bet. Dice are out. Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!
Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.
Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
And then right, right when the scene ends, he could take her with this raw, animal....
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
But your chin here. Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?
Well, we got into a fight 'cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.
You're still going to that chiropractor, that man couldn't get into medical school in Extapa!
Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.
Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Well, yes! Just give me five minutes, I just have to find someone to cover my shift.
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
It is beautiful, but I'm gonna use this one. Now, if you'll excuse me.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
I'm sorry it didn't work out between you and me, or you and me. Drew was very disappointed.
Well, I wouldn't call her a star, but she's really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.
Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
Noo! No! It wasn't like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
Oh, okay. Well, I'll just leave the door open and go sit on the couch.
Okay, but the money's good, plus you get to stare at Rachel as much as you want.
You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.
Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.
Yeah, I've been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma's.
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
My marriage like just ended, and I'm really not ready to get into anything yet.
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
She says it's to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.
Oh yeah? Well then how come I can't get my VCR to stop blinking 12:00?
I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face and her chest I could really put something together.
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
Oh, you kids Well, this is the best party I've been to in years.
Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.
Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.
Oh, yeah, I don't like you this way. All right, I'll see you guys later.
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
Ross Geller, why do I know that name? It's uh-Wait! Did you write this?
I'm going to keep dating him Mother, and there's nothing you can do about it!
Well ah, I've been doing a lot of thinking, and I look at my life...
Hey Bing! Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you're gonna get all sensitive about it! I don't want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I'll make you an assistant buyer in this department.
No kiddin,' that's the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. I'll see you later?
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.
You know, you're a really great listener. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.
No, there was an appliance left on in the bathroom. It's looks like a curling iron.
You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?
Y'know you could totally sell this. It'd be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.
Well, if we learned one thing today C.H.E.E.S.E. is that cheerleaders and high explosives don't mix.
Yeah, that's what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
Hey! Take these cappuccinos to table 11 and that guy over there wants the biscotti.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area.
I was actually relieved uh I didn't win the boat. My wife would've killed me.
That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
So anyway I sent the designs over to Ralph and he's very excited about the line.
Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
How long is this gonna take? 'Cause I got another critic to go yell at.
Look, it's like I told you, there's nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.
Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.
Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.
Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
If I have to I'll, I'll do all again , I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing, I'll go to the P.T.A. meetings, I'll coach the soccer team.
I told you, we're adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?
Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, are too much!
Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I'm not looking for any thing serious.
Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.
I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow!
Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.
It's no big deal. Chandler was just kissin' me because he thought I was Mary-Angela.
My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.
It's so wonderful to see you again, my dear, in fact I hardly expected to see so much.
Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.
Sophie, would you please climb out of my butt. Why hasn't he called, Rachel? Why?
Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.
Oh, I wish. No, you know he was just trying Ross's Hug and Roll thing.
So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
He's doing just fine, he's resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.
It's candy time! My roommate says that they taste like little drops of heaven.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I'll get the information.
...but when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.
Umm, yeah, actually, Susan's gonna be home any minute, it's kinda an anniversary.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
Would you? Or, is it just to sad and desperate, and y'know something that Sophie would do?
Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?
Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Hey Monica, there's a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?
Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Right, yeah, cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.
That's not my monkey. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back whenever.
Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?
All right, enough! I don't want to hear about it anymore! Good luck, Chandler.
Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.
Nice moustache by the way. When puberty hits that thing's really gonna kick in.
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.
You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.
It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.
We went to college with both of them and now we live next door.
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
Well, I don't know. I mean it's not like we don't have anything in common. I mean I like uh, pizza.
Yeah that would be great! Let me make sure I'm not doing anything Tuesday.
Hey Joe, you ever think about joining the force? We could use a guy like you.
Monica, all this food looks wonderful, you should think about doing this for a living.
I'm supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that's not supposed to be until later!
Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.
What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything...
Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?
And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.
I have no idea what you're talking about. But I, but I just got Phoebe Buffay's autograph!
So, which one of you lovely ladies am I going to take to dinner huh?
No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!
Come on, let's have some fun. Huh? What do you want to do today?
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
So, what do you think of my daughter in the apron with the big job?
I can't believe there's somebody coming out of you right now. There's somebody coming out of you! Is it? Is it? It's my son.
Look, the only who stands to get hurt is me. And I'm okay with that.
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Ah yeah, but now it's Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.
Yeah, I'm all...in love with you and stuff. So could you change my grade?
Yeah! I'm just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.
I can't believe they're doing that to him! I told them to go easy on him!
It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
Thanks. Great so we can all go together! I gotta run. Catch you later!
Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.
Stop!! Stop it! You must stop! You are bad actors! This is a terrible play! I'll see you in the morning.
You've done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.
I know! And I'm just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!
This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement. Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!!
No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?
Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female blacksmith down there.
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
'Cause every time I see your face, I can't help but fall from grace. I know.....
Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.
All right. I'll come to New York and we'll try and make this work.
Hey! I have so much more to tell ya, I've written it all down!
Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.
You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That's it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.
I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.
Well they said I should bring someone. Do you wanna be my dance partner?
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
So wait, what's the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can't touch you?
And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
I ah, I work at Bloomingdale's and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?
Yeah, we took a little stroll in the park and no one was around, so...
Well, actually the last time you and I saw each other was that morning.
But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.
At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Okay, what the hell, what the hell. You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?
Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me.
Hey, Chandler, why don't we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
And uh, Liam, Liam's got bad knees. You hit him right and he'll go down like a lamp.
Well, you know, you have to take a course. Otherwise, they don't let you do it.
If you leave now, I will chop off my hand and give it too you!
...so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here forgets the camera!
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?
Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I'm family, I'm it. Now, now I'm done.
If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.
No, you were right, you were right. I mean, I-I-I've got to give my marriage another chance.
Please stay on the line. You're call is very important to us.
Loosening the saddle on mother's horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired.
They musta read the sonogram wrong. 'Cause they, 'cause they thought it was a boy, but Chandler's a girl! Chandler's a girl!
OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.
You've done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go.
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
I thought you were Chandler. But umm, one of who is over there.
Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it.
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
Yeah, y'know I feel like I can really talk to you 'cause y'know you're my sister, y'know.
And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.
Hi! Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it tonight?
Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center.
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
Ah, cool! Taco shells! You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Sorry I'm late. Let's get started. So, what did everybody think about Jane Eyre?
I was thinking of doing it a little shorter, you know, like Andie McDowell's new haircut?
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
I can't believe she's really gone. Look around you, all of this is ours.
Well, if you're one of Ross's best friends, why aren't you here?
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
All right, you're getting there. Oh, and y'know, these babies are very, very lucky.
Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.
I invested in this night-club and it's opening tonight, would you like to come?
Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.
I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
Oh my God! Someone cut Howard's cake! Who would do a think like that?
What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.
No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now
I'll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.
No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.
Well what is it? Come on sweetie, your like, freaking me out here.
Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.
Its pretty ugly. We havent seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.
You look strong, why don't I take that and you grab one of the boxes.
This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
Eh, worth a shot. Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay?
Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?
We've been getting reports of some very angry behavior on your part.
So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
Yeah, I know. I hate it too. Look, maybe we should just tell them.
Yeah, we have time off and a lot of people are going on trips...
A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end up together. I don't anymore.
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
But, we can't go now. It looks like Rachel's gonna put on a skit.
Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.
Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...
Look Rachel, I know what you're going through. I'm totally freaked about turning 25.
I'll tell you what, Chandler, why don't you call me when you grow up!
We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's down the hall and uh, second door to your left.
Hey Sal, Jerry wants to know if the monkey's ready for the subway set?
Yes! I have it right here. Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?
Ohh honey come here. Ohh it will be ok. We've all been there.
It won't be the same- but it'll still be Minsk. Happy New Year.
...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man...
Thanks. Maybe I'll see in the spring, with the uh, y'know, for the uh, bathing suits.
Wow. What can I say? This doesn't make me like you any better!
Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don't take library cards.
So, these will match the jacket you picked out for me last week?
Well, you're practically dancing already. Why don't you just do it over here?
Well, he may be now, because I think I hit him with my car.
Well I mean, you're American to start with. You don't even have rugby here.
Really?! Well, it's just like everyone else's apartment. It's got rooms, walls, and ceilings.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Okay ladies, that ends today's class, and let's remember, let's be safe out there.
Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
I think I accidentally used Monica's boxes to keep the water away from the Porsche.
Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna!
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
You don't know how that happened?! Your dog thought my diaphragm was a chew toy!
Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
Oh umm, y'know I think it would be better if we just save it.
I'm sorry sweetie, it's the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some?
Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?
Ah well, it's nubbin. Nothing! Umm. Y'know what, I'll see you later. Okay.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
So Phoebe, you ah, sounded kinda serious on the phone, is ah, is anything wrong?
Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.
Don't you have a little too much penis to be wearing a dress like that?
'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...
Well, okay, so what's now-go get, go get the eggs, put 'em in there.
Then I go feel your friend up and make you mad at me.
What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you're working?
I'll always remember that summer, because it's when I got all of these freckles.
Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!
We're at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?
Joey says you don't really like his hat, but I think it's kinda dashing.
Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?
Yeah, I guess. Look, what are we gonna do about this scene, huh?
We already got the results back on that on, and they're not good.
You know what, where he hugs you and kinda rolls you away and... Oh... my....God.
Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don't feel that way about you.
Joey? Do you want me to put it all in your room?
Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad...
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
Hey Chandler, you can't keep your hands off her for one second!
Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.
Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early...
Yeah, just, I feel like I'm about a hundred. I thought I was just one of the guys.
Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.
Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!
After what he just said, you're paying for the whole bloody lot.
Wait. You're right. I know you're right. And, thanks for being so nice. Here
Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.
Yeah, uh, Joey said I could use your shower, since, uh, Chandler's in ours?
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
Okay then, I guess we'll see you back here in three months.
Hey! Oh, I was just about to leave. I-I-I-I didn't think you were coming.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.
Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!
Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like
Hey, honey! Okay, so did you find any apartments? Anything in Brooklyn Heights?
I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.
You're not dying Hope, you're gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.
Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.
Rachel, one of your customers seems to have left his billfold. A Joshua Bergen.
The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
Chloe, switch with me, there's some guys here that got a crush on you.
Thanks Rachel. And-and don't forget you-you can come visit her anytime you want.
Well, I just wanted to see where you lived. Now, give me the tour.
I know, really well. In fact, I'm gonna ask Phoebe to move in with me.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Yes, well I was wrong, and I have to say you really impressed me today.
She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?
Oh no, I-I'm sorry, I guess we lost track of everybody after high school.
All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.
All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends.
As I recall when we got married, I saw the groom in the wedding dress.
Well, that' me. Here, have this. I'm only allowed one piece of carryon anyway.
I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?
Listen Joey, we definitely want to see you for the callback on Saturday.
Sure, New Year's Eve is only two weeks away. Can you wait?
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
You tell your friend Chandler that we're definately broken up this time.
All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona?
Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.
Okay. So I'll come by in a couple hours and pick you up?
Okay. I'll give you one chance to change my mind. You got one minute.
Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
We'd better take these pants off upstairs or that stain's gonna set.
Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
Oh, because I was thinking, the semester's over; you're not my teacher anymore.
It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too.
That was so wonderful! Ohh, I think that you're a better Jessica than I ever was!
I'm Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
No he's not! He's totally yanking your chain! He's done this with three other teachers!
You must really like... Joey... to go to all that trouble for him.
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
Ahh, that's what your Grandmother's hands looked like when we found her.
I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.
Hey guys, I just uh, wanted to invite you to the party tomorrow night.
Ohh, God, guys, check it out, you can see that girl's underwear!
What? The father can't drop by to see the daughter on her birthday?
Oh my God! I won! Do you have any idea what this means?!
I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at mug shots.
Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think I'm ready to dance with girls.
Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. Would you come over here please?
Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?
Oh, I'm sorry, is that your basket? It's really pretty. Unfortunately, I don't see suds.
No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. Liam, Devon, this is Ross.
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...
I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?
Richard? We're ready for you. Joey Tribbiani? This is Richard Crosby he's playing Vincent.
The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the feeling you had something to do with it.
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?
Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.
I don't think so. Let's take it back to Richard's last line. Action!
It wasn't on your list, but hopefully you'll think it's really fun.
I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.
Well, the garage flooded sweetie and it ruined everything in your boxes. I'm sorry.
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
Right, I've got to be off, I'll see ya. Buh-bye then.
My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.
Oh, that's real pretty. Wait a minute, don't I get to see the bedroom?
This is where I get off. Well, I have your address and phone number.
I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! And you, sweetie, I'll see you tonight.
Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.
Actually its, Vatican City. Now ahh, what do you know about vulcanised rubber?
No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.
He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
This could be Gods way of telling us to eat at home.
Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse.
Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and I'm kinda strangely proud of my butt.
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Ohh, listen. I've got to get going. Today was great, thanks!
I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.
That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
Wow! It looks like you were very generous with your grades this semester!
Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.
...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?
Sorry about that, but I couldn't get that lock to work on the door.
C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?
Just walking past the kitchen I saw 10 violations! I'm shutting this place down!
Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so...
Oh, you're so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.
Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.
Yeah well, being that he was the victim, they're usually pretty talkative.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
Can anyone else name a well known seed that's been masquerading as a nut?
Oh, yeah you loved that glove! You took it every place you went. You never went any place without that glove.
On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.
Well, we're starving, why don't we all go get something to eat?
Okay, I should, I should probably be getting back to my thing now. See ya.
Nah that's okay. I'm just doing this to put myself through medical school.
Well I'm gonna be on it this year. I'm gonna be one of the party people.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
Uh no, they're still here but I think I'm about to leave.
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....
Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.
I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.
Well, you're just going to say no again but...gay porn.
The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.
How do you do. Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! Did they have representation?
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
It's not hopeless! Dr. Stryker Remoray's a miracle worker. Look, here he comes.
They're gonna fire you! You can't date a student! It's against the rules.
Well okay, I'll swing by later. Do you live in this building?
I don't see it. You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand!
For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?
I know you do but you and I can never be together that way.
Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?
Right. So I guess I shouldn't put good at noticing stuff on my resume.
It's too late, all we can do now is sow up the wound.
No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant "You suck!"
Ross! Come quickly! There's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Oh please! It was such a big class! You never even noticed me!
I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.
Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining-Oh no.
Well, maybe you and your baby should go to another strip club.
Okay, so wait, all right, so how does that make things better?
Chandler? What an unusual name! You must've had terribly fascinating parents.
Why don't you get in the hot tub and I'll meet you there.
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
I had to cut my hair to get rid of the uh, fogger smell.
I mean, we know it's a bit hasty but, uh, it just feels so right, so...
See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.
I got asked out twice today when I was at lunch...by guys.
Well, you just asked if I wanted to go to bed with you tonight.
So ah, there was this thing I wanted to talk to you about.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
I don't know man, we're really not supposed to do that.
Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
Well, I should hope not. Ross knows better than that by now.
Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad neighborhood.
See that's just something I said now, so that maybe I could kiss you.
No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.
Like when you go bowling and you know you're in somebody else's shoes?
Threatening letters, refusal to meet deadlines, apparently people now call you mental.
Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn't even get to Italy?
Alright we're back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven!
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
What are you going to do? Kill him? Like you did with Charles?!
I spent two years developing this machine, it's absolutely state of the art.
Y'know, there are two people who could put your picture up there.
I always thought that too. Tell me, what does your father do?
What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see?
Oh, I missed you kids. Well, should I put my coat in the bedroom?
Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.
I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.
Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you're given' 'em out.
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.
Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's lounge.
So when people complement me on my cooking should I, what do I say?
Well maybe you can cut me some slack. I'm sort of in love.
You're both gonna have to take this up with the judge.
Y'know, you look nothing like I would've thought. You're...you're so young.
Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? Hey, Joey?
Tasty! I'm really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it's-it's nice.
Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.
Yeah, I got a big box of family stuff when my mom died.
Hang on a second. I'll-I'll talk to you in the morning. I'm sorry what?
Okay, okay, okay. Y'know what, this was just really expensive. And I'll take- this was a gift.
The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.
Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now.
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
Uh Bing, I think we're gonna make this the last game.
I'm sorry Joey, as long as he's here and he's conscious we're still shooting.
Okay. It's just like anything else, you just have to get used to it.
I'm telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.
There's nothing to discuss. We're not paying for your wine cellar.
Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city?
Y'know what? I may regret this but uh, I'm going to give you a shot.
I think you'll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.
A ten speed bike. But, I'd rather have something my Dad couldn't sell.
You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.
Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.
Oh, this is so good you have got to try it.
Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.
Actually, I was kinda hoping it would be the other way around.
Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
No, it's been a long time since your dad and I went running.
Oh-kay, we'll have a table for you in about 45 minutes.
Listen, we-we have to have dinner. What-what are you doing tomorrow night?
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dead.
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
Y'know what, I gotta go. And thank you so much for coming.
That's the best one! Oh my God, thank you so much!
Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
So good then! We'll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!
Okay. And don't worry, I'm not just gonna take you out for donuts.
Twenty year old has got a severed toe on his right foot.
Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?
Oh that one is available now, but only identical twins are eligible. It's a twins study.
This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.
Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!
Amy Welch? Wow! I haven't seen her since... So, Monica about ready?
So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
Congratulations! You now just crossed the line into completely useless. Get out.
Joey, Joey, I-I-I'll g-get you your job back if you help me out.
Do you want to ride around town on my little pink bicycle?
We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?
You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...
I'm sorry. Ex-excuse us. I'm sorry, it's a little crowded. Do you mind if we...
Ok, nothing from the neck up. Or the waist down. Dana's ovulating.
Cut! Alex, remember you're supposed to cry. Can you cry for us this time?
Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?
He's just jealous. You'll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!
Oh, here comes your 3:00. I don't mean to sound unprofessional, but, yum
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Please, stay on the line. Your call is important to us.
Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!
Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them!
Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.
Ohh, y'know, Susan's gonna be shooting a commercial in London next week.
Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
Hey, I wonder if you can see my apartment from up here.
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.
But that was after the wedding, it's not bad luck then.
Well, if you want, I'll justI'll just break it off with her.
Last night was wonderful. But I-I can't stay here just for you.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?
It's older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo.
And you promise you'll get this taken care of right away?
Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!
Why is this happening to me?! I don't know, maybe it's my wound.
Just a little gag gift somebody gave me. Put your hands together.
Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.
Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.
They have the honor of being born on The Fonz's half-birthday.
And-and then I sneak out and before Monica can her parents come in.
Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes.
Buffay, are you going to plunge your stake into my dark places?
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
Okay, uh well, let's try one. Whenever you guys are ready.
Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them...
Why do all you're coffee mugs have numbers on the bottom?
And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.
But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.
That's why I said all those things about your flirting and your drinking...
You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what's up with you?!
Uh, I don't think she's in the bathroom. Her coat is gone.
It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
Are you kidding me?! With a cute butt like this, I'd find work.
Do you believe that there is one perfect person for everyone?
By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.
Oh but then, they went and dropped you down that elevator shaft.
So, here's somebody interesting, Joey. What do you know about Van Gogh?
Joey, well thank you. That is so sweet. Oh, excuse me.
So Jack, you ever think about trading me in for a younger model?
Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
Hey Joey, could you uh, go through these lines with me?
I didn't even have a chance to act as though I'm okay with it!
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
Can't you see what's going on here, this man is dying.
It's nothing, it's just that now your Father owes me five dollars.
Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
I packed while you were gone. I left some knickers under your pillow.
Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.
No-no-no, that was all true. This was just in case you pulled a Monica.
Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.
Here, Ross, take our picture. Smile! You're on Janice Camera!
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Uh, the guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kinda see it coming?
I don't want to see you lose a chunk of that pretty blond hair!
Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.
So anyway we really... Honey, we're just smoking all over you.
What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.
Joey, you don't have to count down every time we kiss.
Hey, you're gettin' better. I'm gonna keep this by the way.
Well, when I tell my friends about her she will be.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
Look, we held the curtain for you buddy. Come on, let's go! Let's go!
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Oh, I hate this but I-I-I have to go. I-I can't miss my flight.
Hi! My boss let me off early, so I took the train.
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
Ross umm, there's something that I've got to tell you, there's-there's someone else.
Umm, that was really great, but I-I gotta take-off actually.
Oh great! I'll keep it in my butt with your nose.
That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair cut?
I've been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? Where have you been? Vic?!
Rachel, this is my friend Tom. This is the girl I told you about.
Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.
Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
What's the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?
No shouting, but we still need a name for this little guy.
Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!
You know, I rarely connect with someone this much on the first date.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.
Wait! Wait! Listen! Listen to this! Y'know what I wanted to be when I was that age?
Well, the-the three of us we were, kind of umm, a couple.
And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?
Yeah, that would be great. So I guess umm, good night.
Oh, no. But it's just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.
Well you, her, I mean, she's very...y'know. And you're like...y'know.
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Well, I used your boxes to divert water away from the Porsche.
How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?
I don't think I'd be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
I can't speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.
I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
Oh, I was gonna talk to him about doing something tonight.
And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
No! You're clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour unclogging!
Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.
Maybe. But that doesnt explain why they keep taking my scissors.
I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness. So you're bald?
This poor guy's been in a coma for five years. It's hopeless.
For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don't know what this means to us! Oh!
Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?
It seems your daughter and Richard are something of an item.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
No. But it's okay, I'll just put out pickles or something.
Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.
Huh, I would've thought it was the other way around.
Oh, that's okay, it gave me time to finish glazing my nipples.
Oh, wow. I can't believe you're throwing that in my face.
I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!
Oh hi! Well, I guess that's two out of three, Joey.
It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?
Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!
I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!
Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!
Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to?
Ohh, its been better. The Annual Net Usage Statistics are in.
Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Ooh, yeah! She said she's having sooo much fun with Emily.
The only man I've ever been with is your father.
Yeah, I'm movin' to a bigger place. You should definitely take this one.
And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up.
Yeah, the list that-of people we're allowed to sleep...
Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding.
Wait a minute, hold it. Johnson! Will you come in here a moment?
Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!
Oh! Okay! You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me!
Yeah, most of the damage is pretty mostly contained in the bedrooms.
Here we go gentlemen, here we go! Are you ready? Are you ready? Let's get it on!!
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule.
I'm now thinking I would like to change my answer to, no one.
Excuse me, sir! This lady played my quarter, this is my money.
Let me get this straight man, you attacked your ex-wife?!
Let's see what we got here. Ohh, y'know, Fonzie dated triplets.
And the man who made all this possible... Mr. Peter Becker.
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
Oops! I did not mean to run into you like that sir.
Well it's wonderful to have you up and about, again, dear.
Well, now we've gotta find something fun for you!
Oh, isn't it exciting, I mean it's like having a boyfriend for life.
There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you know, that's too bad that didn't work out.
You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.
Good morning. Drake, it's your brother Stryker. Can you hear me?
You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.
Oh, right. Um, I've got some news. It's about us.
Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!
Knowing you're here, waiting for me I think it's kinda exciting.
Nothing. Ok, everything. I think we're calling off the wedding.
Hehehehey, isn't that the guy who used to wear your hat?
The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
Oh, he's so cute, he reminds me of my old dog, Tumour.
Whoa! Hey-hey! What's going on here? Who is this guy?
It says here that the knife went right through your shoe.
I'm sorry, why don't we do that right now? He's right here.
Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.
And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?
Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. So, how ya been?
Umm, I love this touchy. Can I take it to work with me?
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Listen, can you promise me that you won't tell her though?
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.
Rachel was just helping me out. My head got all sunburned.
Okay, he sees us. Now don't move. Don't look at him.
I got to go, so ah, I'll see you guys later.
No! It was marked confidential I just sent it down to Human Resources.
Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just in town for a conference. Umm, God you look phenomenal!
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
I don't understand, do you want to go out with Ross?
Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek...
So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.
Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.
I bought a restaurant and I would like you to be the head chef.
Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you're really talented.
OK, well then who was the kid that got caught masturbating?
You'll wear that. We'll be eating, and of course, you'll be wearing that.
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
Well let me ask you a question. Am I the Ultimate Fighting Champion?
Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.
I'm sorry Amber. It's just like Brad to have to have the last word.
I-I-I saw you on stage talking to that beautiful woman, y'know Sarah?
Wasn't Nick funny when he couldn't get his match lit?
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Yes, I'm familiar with the concept. We can just look for it.
Me too! I'm sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.
So you still think you, um... might want that fifth date?
Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!
Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
No-no ah, everything's okay. Everybody's healthy there's 30 fingers and 30 toes.
No, you're my first. Put the money on the table.
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
What, you don't think they can hear sounds in there?
Here, let me. Rachel Green's line, how may I help you?
So I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Oh it's great, it's a role on All My Children, Nick the boxer.
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
No, Gary Collins is the host. You'll be answering the phones.
Im gonna wait till after we order. Its her, right.
I know! I almost called off my wedding. Oh, who's your band?!
Okay, I don't need any toner because I'm going to kill myself.
Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
Good night, it was very nice to meet you all.
Don't get up Jack! The safety pins are about to blow.
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.
I usually prefer Elizabeth's boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.
....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular now.
Phoebe, Phoebe relax, it's okay. I mean we never said this was exclusive.
Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. This is the real him.
Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm?
Um, we should go too, I got patients at 8 in the moring.
Oh my god, there's an unattractive nude man playing the cello.
So you really think those newspapers are just jealous of me?
No, no. She's fair game if you ask me, sorry buddy!
My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.
He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
Yes. Uh, can't you wait until tomorrow? All right. Unbelievable!!
So you work at Bloomingdale's, huh? My mom calls it Bloomies.
So um, is there a phone here, I can check my messages?
Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.
Aw come on Phoebe would you just think about it?
Please, clean my beakers. I don't get out of the lab much.
Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.
This is the final boarding call for Flight 664 to Yemen.
So you still in touch with anyone from high school?
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.
So you still want me to send her psychological profile to Personnel?
Well, it's pretty much the gist. Well, except for the poem. You read the poem, right?
Well, I'm going to go into my new apartment now. Ehh!
I guess I just figured of all people you would understand this.
I'm sorry. If you wanna pretend that nothing happened, I can try.
Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.
No, you, you can't fit in that thing. That's not deep enough.
He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.
Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
Ohh, I wouldn't do it in there. That's my dad's bedroom.
Yeah, well you'd be better if you just loosened your hips a little.
Yeah. I have to sleep, have to, on this side of the bed.
Well it was Chandler! We didn't think he'd ever propose!
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.
Hey lady. Hey wait up. How do you know my dad?
...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
This is a great place. How long have you lived here?
Umm uh, I'll make some coffee and we can uh, chat.
Hey, come dance. What? Are you married? 'Cause that's okay.
I was thinking what it would be like to kiss you.
How are we gonna get out of that one?
There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Oh, that's so... It really is...do we know...?
Rachel's coming up the path. Doesn't she look pretty. Jack...
Hello Ross. I love what you've done with this space.
Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.
Can I have the next one please? Joey and Tony Tribbiani.
Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Oh shut up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph?
Please, it's because otherwise I really don't know what I might do.
What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp?
Oh great! Is it vegetarian, 'cause Susan doesn't eat meat.
Well, I couldn't have done it without you buddy. You're a genius.
I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you.
I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.
Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Don't worry about it, I just didn't realize you were married.
Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, I'm a professor in the paleontology department here.
Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.
Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!
"Hi, this is Richard. Please, leave a message at the tone."
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
You've sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!
I'd love to, but my lawyer said I can't do that anymore.
Hey, dinosaur guy, look at you, so sad. Come dance.
Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him.
Okay, it'll take just a little while to prepare the embryos.
Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.
Oh you're awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.
Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?
Rachel, I need the Versachi invoice. Hello! You don't work for me.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.
Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is McKensize...
Uh, like, could these margaritas be any stronger? Hey, Chandler.
So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.
Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?
What? So you never went out with an actress before?
Yeah, I'm sorry too. But, I gotta tell you, I am a little relieved.
Ross, let me show you where the guest room is.
Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
Alright, here you go my friend. Eggs a-la Eddie, huh?
Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
Oh my God! Someone, he's choking. Is anyone here a doctor?
What's up? You're voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.
Oh, right. He is so great. But that's over.
Y'know what Phoebe? This isn't really worth the free massage.
The guy that's about to kick your ass talks like that.
I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
I'm just me, my wife died shortly after Lizzie was born.
And if you see Rita Moreno, let her know I'm looking for her.
Oh, shoot, we gotta go, got a reservation in 30 minutes.
Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.
You were so funny with that waiter! You're such a nut!
Hey, what kind of puppy do you think I should get?
Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!
Oh, I-I-I understand all that, but it's just-that was my puppy.
Yeah, well, uh, we're kind of a thing now.
Oh, y'know what? Forget it, you already gave me an A.
Well, I hope you're gonna bid on some things Rachel.
The movie theatre, you used to come in all the time.
Yeah, I'm looking for Phoebe, does she still live here?
Dom da-da dom! Here ye! Here ye! Delivery from the Mattress King. You Miss Geller?
Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
Oh yeah. So umm, did you have a nickname for me?
Relax. It's just Issac's D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.
Well, let's go to a bad one and make out.
I think you'll find this room more to your liking.
Okay, we'll give a call if anything comes up.
Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?
Excuse me, I-I couldn't help overhearing, you're marrying Chandler Bing?
What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.
You're telling me this couch was delivered to you like this?!
Oh no-no-no. Fonzie is the nickname of Arthur Fonzerelli. The Fonz.
Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.
My funny valentine, sweet comic valentine! You make me high over my heart!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
I do. I do. I love it. In fact, I think I'm gonna wear it home.
You can't sit here if you're not gonna play.
Oh you're right. Thank you! What's your name again?
Because it's in a slightly different time zone than the kitchen.
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know?
I just got that. Ok, now we'll do your inseam.
You know! At the place I told you about last night?
Because that would be fantastic. What? You wanna kiss me?
Actually, I uh, I gotta get going. Give me a call sometime.
You're no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.
Bye-bye. Oh uh, by the way, the answer is, the Brazil nut.
I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
I have a wonderful idea. You should take Rachel to the prom.
This is my father, Paul Stevens. Dad, this is Ross Geller.
I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.
We're on this bus, that's easily 200 years old...
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
But, I was curious; do you have any plans for tonight?
Oh I wish you're grandmother had lived to see this.
I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.
Calm down, we got time, we're running a little late.
Ugh, I hate it! I look like an 8-year-old boy.
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
So you guys want me to take this back?
So, what time is Monica supposed to get here?
Oh, candles! What is that? A blanket? A video camera? Oh my God!
Oh. God, crazy Chandler. He spun me...off...the...bed!
No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?
Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.
We've only known each other for six weeks!
Hey! Tribbiani! Get back to work! Break time's over!
You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?
This bill for my half of the wedding. it's insane.
An Italian Catholic immigrant at this time would not be...
Ooh, I don't know. Probably the smell of freshly cut grass.
Oh! Sorry! Umm, I actually do need to talk to you.
You guys, the water's great. You should really go in.
Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am...
Janice has a question. Who of the six of you has sleep with the six of you?
Did you know my husband has glasses just like that?
You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.
Joey I can see you okay? You're hiding behind the coats.
I could... but I won't. If I find that monkey, he's mine.
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Eight o'clock is the cut-off and, aww, it's 8:02.
See ya Phoebe! Oh and hey, thanks for chipping in!
They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!
Okay, I-I get the picture. Uh, thanks, for your time.
Come on honey, let's go drink our body weight.
Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.
Well of course not, but you were very good.
Oh wow! That was amazing, was that really just an hour?!
And we'll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.
Uhh, actually y'know what, I kinda-I have to take off.
You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!
Yeah, I-I considered that. I just know it would make me happy.
I don't know. I don't remember a lot of things that never happened.
That's a good one! Do you hear that Ross? Three days!
Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
We don't give anything away unless it's someone's birthday.
I can hear you through the ceiling. My cats cant sleep.
Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.
Uh Mr. Zelner, I'm the one who filled in that evaluation.
Well, she was leaving work and she was hit by a cab.
Actually, giving birth to three babies isn't that different from giving birth to one.
Ok, I have dandruff. There's no need to laugh and point.
How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?
Oh! My number is on there. Give me a call.
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
What is this? Who put a twenty down here? Huh?
Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.
You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle.
Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?
Yeah, we loves 'em. I've never seen him with-
So, why do you let her go to a chiropractor for?
So, do we have the best friends or what?
Y'know what? It doesn't matter! Because it is not true!
Uh, can we have three chocolate mousses to go please?
Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
Oh great! Thanks Ross, you're such a good friend!
Okay now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Oh my God, you are! And you're Rachel Green!
It'd be even more exciting if we were going.
Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?
We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.
Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.
Okay, no problem. Could you come here for a second?
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?
You can have your own office, and a raise! Effective tomorrow.
And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.
You can forget about Emily, she's not with us.
You can forget about Emily, she's not with us.
I had so much fun tonight, and what a great restaurant.
Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.
I better get out of here, I'm gonna miss my flight.
What the hell, it's for a good cause! All right!
Uh, I'm a little embarrassed about calling you a hottie on my evaluation...
Oh shoot! Maybe next time. Thanks for a lovely evening.
So, uh, what are you going to do next?
So, uh, what are you going to do next?
Which bedroom do ya want it in Miss Geller?
Fine, then let's just say he's not my type.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
I can't believe this. I just-I can't believe this. How-how-Oh my God. How long ago?
So uh, I'm on my way back to the bathroom.
Do you not want to be seen with me?
Ross. You and I are going to have to have a little talk.
Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.
So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.
Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don't you?
What's the matter with you? Get out of here!
Here, sweetie, here. I took these when I had my golfing accident.
Right, okay, the one that lives in Montuak, umm-hmm.
How could I have left them in the copy room?
Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.
Shut up! I did not sound like that at all!
All right! Let's try this again! You ready Joe?
Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.
Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or...
So what are you saying? It's now or never?
I am so glad that you could come over tonight.
Oh, yeah, they were so personal, really showed you cared.
Maybe he's intimated by really smart, strong, successful women.
Look, I gotta go. I'm on call tonight. See you Saturday.
Great! That's great Monica! Great! Now, Chandler, you want to give us a smile?
I now find you shallow and um, a dork. All right, bye.
Yea-huh! That's what is says on my birth certificate.
Oh, blimey, I still can't believe you've got an earring!
So, what is this information worth to you, my friend?
All right, that's it. I want both of you out.
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
All right, thank you so much for all your help.
Umm, anyway...Do you want to have dinner tonight?
Umm, slight change of plans. We've shut down.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the condom machine?
Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.
They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.
So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
Oh, you don't have to do that every time.
Y'know Phoebe, I'm gonna make this real easy for you.
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
And it didn't feel so girlie during the Gulf War.
Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Y'know what honey? I got to get back to the hospital.
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.
Alright, turn around. Time to see you from behind.
I see him, you guys are just the worst hiders ever.
Come on! You're just titling! Her legs are fine!
I think we'd better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross...
I think we'd better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross...
What's the matter Dina? Don't you recognize your own mother?!
This is worse than when he married the lesbian.
This is worse than when he married the lesbian.
No, I umm, I read about her in Mom's suicide note.
Hey come on, you haven't heard my reason yet.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
You wanna go down to the office right now?
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
No, actually, um, we talked about Helen Willick-Bunch.
Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.
Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?
If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.
Okay I understand. I wouldn't want to be proved wrong either.
Y'know, it's funny, but when we were studying communicable diseases...
Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!
It's a nice watch, I don't wanna break it on your ribs.
Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
I don't like you going out with my daughter Ross.
Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.
No, I... I didn't mean the pen. Thank you for the book.
All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.
Oh no, don't be silly. I just bet I'd need these.
And someday soon, I hope to open my own restaurant.
Oh no. I feel it isn't really anybody's business, y'know.
Close your accounts? Is there some kind of problem?
Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
And what will that be on the side of?
Really? You don't know what that means to me.
Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.
We're still on this side of the door.
Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."
I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
Please reattach this, it's against the law to disconnect them.
I was wondering if you would consider coaching me for it?
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Eddie, I just came by to drop off your tank.
Your face could be covered with lochs, I wouldn't care.
He's good with rear things, bring him in too.
Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?
Did we not make ourselves clear the other day.
It's just hard when I know I have e-mail I can't get!
Really Mr. Geller, you don't have to do this.
Hey, uh can I get a little piece of that cake?
I know you did, cookie. Oh, I know you did. So tell me. Did you see her?
Well, that's sort of a given, but yes. Anyone else?
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
It took you that long to figure it out, huh?
I was looking at stuffed animals, and Susan wanted a Chunky.
Or maybe, maybe he could grab her, and, and, and, and lift her up.
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
I'm not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.
Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.
Well, it was great seeing you the other night.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
See, if anyone overheard that, I didn't come off well.
I'll just run to the store and get some.
Can't have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can't have is dairy!
Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then.
Oh no, no-no-no, is he ah, married, or involved with anyone?
I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?
Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?
Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.
Oh, somebody's been doing his buns of steel video.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
Is it really your fa--I can't... well of course it is.
We're, we're just gonna get a little sip of water.
Look at you in the apron. You look like you're in a play.
Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.
No it's not too soon, I had lunch at a eleven.
Oh, what are you, stupid? It's been three hours.
Hi! So, how did it go at the doctors?
Because if you're not moving forward, y'know you're just moving backwards.
Right. Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.
Rach, do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Well, I'd gotten Judy pregnant. I still don't know that happened.
Oh, scotch neat. Ya know, that's Rachel's father's drink.
Me neither. So you're like my big sister.
Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...
Oops, I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is this the umm, the memorial?
Uh, no! No! That's...art! If it bothers you I can put my art out.
No but he didn't really talk about anything.
Because I think about shaving it all off again sometime.
Hello, Sir. You're here to return those pants?
Oh no-no-no-no, being adored. I'm used to it, don't worry about it.
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
My late husband gave me that lighter. I'm not kidding.
Okay, you're dancing with that girl over there.
Okay, yeah. I mean... If that's, if that's really what you want, okay.
And after that, what could I do except become a chef.
Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.
I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!
Ooh, Jack.... Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be.
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
..you add a pinch of saffron, it makes all the difference.
Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
I'm sorry, I can't talk. I'm gonna go write in my journal.
Oh, no thanks. I always carry one in my sock.
Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do?
I can't stand this! He's got his claws in my...
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right?
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?
Good. Now imagine your vagina is opening like a flower.
It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?
All right, I need a clamp, sterile towel, and channel 31.
Have the final numbers on my desk by Tuesday.
Y'know, I wore that cashmere sweater on a date last night.
Yeah, and I have a time share in the Pocanos with Flipper.
Hey, do you mind? We're under cover here.
All those things I said about not being ready...
Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
It doesn't really seem like enough to be fate.
Well, you never told me how old you were.
I'm just going to say hi to the lads. All right?
Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.
Yep. I'm gonna wear these on our date tonight.
Wow! Didn't she die like five years ago?
Now, nooo! I'm just excited about the restaurant, that's all.
Well, that doesn't mean she can't look nice!
Oh, I'm sorry. Lisa, Monica, Chandler. We used to date.
Here you go honey. One Diet Coke with ice.
You wanna return this couch? It's cut in half!
Not on purpose, he ricocheted of you and got me.
Just hearing you describe it as forbidden, it's really hot.
Only because my parents wanted me to be, I wanted to be a sherrif.
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Well don't forget that fiches over there by Rachel.
We found your fire alarm in the trash chute.
After a while it's like, shut your mouth, you know?
Our table will be ready in a couple minutes.
Good afternoon, are you the decision maker of the house?
Sure, I'll just get my coat. Could you get that?
This is so fun. This is like a reunion in the hall.
Well, you kids thank Dr. Burke for the ride?
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
It's Petty. I'll be right back with your ticket.
Do you know how fast you were traveling back there?
So, we're decided, no on plaid, yes on pink?
It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
You're pretty much running that risk either way.
So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.
I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.
You made him a candle light dinner in the park?
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
Yeah, you can melt art. Hey, can I use your phone?
Hi! It's Tom, I'm here to pick up the phone.
If you didn't have your shirt tucked into them.
Maybe if you just played some regular kiddie songs.
You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....
And then we've gotta get some sleep.
But I'm not gay. And I especially wouldn't want you to think I was gay.
Fill this out and bring it back to me.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
So how did you know I was even here?
We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.
Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
Well, what do you want me to say?
Really? Because I think about you all the time.
Well, we were very young when we had her.
Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?
What's the matter honey? Did you see a little mouse?
Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.
But you know what might really cheer me up?
You do now. You're having dinner with me.
Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?
Oh my God! What are you doing here?
Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?
Peel the onion. First of all, he's good looking.
Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it.
Oh gosh, Lily, yes. Of course I remember Lily. I... Then you must be?
What're you gonna do, suck the door open?
Don't you let her go! You're a lucky guy!
Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?
You too, you let uh, your hair grow long.
What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.
Very good Monica! You know where they are.
Ah, yeah, umm. Home is never far away..
Hi, darling. Where's my grandson, you didn't bring him?
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
We really do feel bad about this though.
Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.
Boy, somebody's gonna get a big fruit basket tomorrow.
I mean, thats what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?
Well you can split it with another credit card.
I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.
I think it's great you guys are doing this.
And while we're on the subject of news..
I gather by that oh that he told you about me.
Yeah. No, this is great. Thank you, Chandler. .
This is really hard for me to say.
Oh, that's too bad. How'd they do it?
Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.
I have a feelin'... I, my wife is sleeping with her gynaecologist.
Why do have a picture of Paulette in your pack?!
No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.
Oh my God, is it really that bad?
Wow you look so beautiful! If I knew you, I'd cry.
Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.
Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.
Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.
All right, all right, I'm coming over, and I'm bringing Chinese food.
Look, I just wanted to have coffee with Rachel.
Okay, thank you. It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.
Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?
So, anyone up for a midnight dip in the ocean?
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
This is the final boarding call for Flight 009.
Wait, how do you zoom out? There she is.
Your mom called me. So is this her?
I-I can't believe this! You-you've slept with him?!
I hear you can get people out of here.
Oh my God! What's wrong with your baby?!
They say he's only got half a tank left.
I don't think that's gonna affect the plot of the show.
I'm really sorry but I may be a little while longer.
Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Great. Uhh, just tell her her husband stopped by.
When the Cretaceous period ended, the dinosaurs were gone.
So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray.
Look, are you dating this girl you came with?
Hey, how do you guys get anything done?
Hold on. Fill these out, sit over there.
1...2! Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have glaucoma.
Um.. we should really be sitting for this.
Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
Oh I'm not, I just like to try these on.
No. I went with, uh.. Now, this may hurt.
It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.
I...I uh, actually just moved from four blocks over.
Our last ocean view room was unacceptable to you.
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
And guess what? Good news! I got another job!
No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Alll right, we'll call you in a few minutes.
You-you-you said you were gonna be away all weekend!
No, it's Sam Waterston! Crimes and Misdemeanors, Capricorn One.
Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
So what are you guys out doing today?
Don't worry son, we'll just attach it and-
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
That's a tomato. This one definitely goes in the display.
Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?
Ever since she walked out on me, I, uh...
Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.
Yeah, that's pretty much what I had in mind.
No-no-no, we'll move you just stay right there.
Would you like to spend the night in jail?
Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?
Oh yeah, I'm so excited, I've never been there.
Hey, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!
Uh yes, I have these two rather beautiful $5 bills.
My parents are going to be really mad.
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
We're not throwing it away! I built that canoe!
Well she said she had to think things over.
All right, everybody, I'm openin' the doors. You boys ready?
Well umm, maybe if it had more heat.
That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.
Why? So you could hang up on me?
Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Don't wink at me. And put on your apron.
No! No! It's just that, my dad never did. I miss my dad.
Hi guys. I haven't seen you since this morning.
So that's your second marriage in two years.
You're right. We'll go with the burgundy.
No, no, it's not like that. I, I work for a medical researcher.
Are you sure, I can crush a walnut with my butt.
Have we talked about the possibility of multiple births?
If this is your idea of sexy talk?
Joe! I'm glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Maybe I'll just turn the lights down a little.
Seeing some more of your super-cool slides.
This is so nice. Thank you for doing this.
With him? You're is favourite, you're his guy!
I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?
Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.
Oh, but the party's only just getting started!
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
Now, let us try that again, shall we?
Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.
Oh, Ross? Ross! You can't put up flyers in here.
We've gotta go, we've got that cab waiting.
Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
All right, it's time to act, my talking props.
So how do you kids like your coffee?
No one's ever thrown me a surprise party before!
I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
Worse than when he broke up with Barbara.
Ohh, okay. Something didn't quite add up there.
Hey, you don't have to smile. You just have to dance.
And we're dancing. A-five, six, seven, eight...
It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.
It was a simple mistake. It could happen to anyone.
Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad?
Joey there's a girl on the phone for you.
We took a road trip to Las Vegas man.
Would you like some more coffee, baby-doll?
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Okay. Chandler, did your dad ever hug you?
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Ooh. Ooh. But ya know what would be even sexier?
Don't you want to know about the sex?
Of course we'll help! Yeah! We'll be here!
You probably want us to move in together?
Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is!
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!
You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.
Yeah. Okay great. Im gonna be over here.
Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Well, you'll have to wait your turn.
Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wife...
But-but this block is like a whole other world.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
Hard day huh? First the medical award, this.
Are you guys going to Chandler's for Thanksgiving?
It's me, I've been sleeping with your wife.
Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout. See ya.
I wanted to say how much I enjoyed your class.
Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.
Oh, I must've said that after you left.
Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Well, call me if you change your mind.
Way to go son! I knew you'd find him!
Let's see, ahhh... Where does the Pope live?
That's exactly what my dad used to say!
Would you like to move over to the couch?
You want me to kick you guys out instead?
So, I think you're boxes are over here.
Well yeah, it usually, it takes two people to...
...of course you can kick his ass son.
Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.
Oh. Oh I just cannot believe Clark stood me up!
Yeah. Could you just sign right here please?
Meet me in the nocturnal house in 15 minutes.
Y'know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.
Is there any entertainment there? What are people doing?
Well, the white seems to be untouched. Uh-oh.
Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Yeah but Jessica doesn't have an English accent.
No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
You are so precious, I could just take you home.
Australia, I just moved here a couple of weeks ago.
Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I could kill you with my thumb, you know.
I can't handle two nights in a row with them.
Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing.
Well, the guy's worked here for 25 years.
Of course it did. They're made of wicker.
This is Wayne, the man who created and operates C.H.E.E.S.E.
Jack, give me that. Talk to your son.
Danny! Hurry up! The bath is getting cold!
Mr. Tribbiani, I'm afraid you've got kidney stones.
I miss you to. Well, at least I think I do.
Why can't you get a girlfriend your own age?
Yeah. Did you tell someone that I was gay?
Uh, actually I find Marion's views far to progressionist.
You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?
He's here. I'm assuming one of you is the father.
Perhaps, uh, the three of us, just could. . .
So who made her queen of the world?
Great! I'm looking forward to it. Rachel, any messages?
Yeah. Y'know, the hazelnut actually not a nut, it's a seed.
I certainly see what the girls like coming here.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
If you're talking about feminism, I think you're right.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Fleischman's group. Whatever you do, don't touch his sandwiches. Ha-ha-ha...
You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.
I assume we're talking about the baby now.
Whattaya say we make these, uh, coffees Irish?
I can write an epic poem about this lip.
Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
It's time for me to conquer the physical world.
You-you work at one of those massage parlors?
Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?
Hey, can we get some cappuccino over here?
No, no, that was my boss. I have to go.
Your mother just added him to her list.
Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
How to make the next one even shorter?
Whoa, hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
Mr. Simon's been waiting for- Oh my God!
Yeah, no we're not thirty. We're 31. Okay.
We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
For all the free food you gave away.
You're, hey, you're not paying for the pizza!
So uh Chandler, you like that badge I got you?
Y'know I really want to move this relationship forward.
Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Yes, we certainly do, it's going to be...
Oh that's cool, I was gonna fire you anyway.
Yeah, you can't eat that in my car.
No! Why can't the Armadillo leave? I want Santa!
So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!!
Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?
Sophie, get in here! You see! Now you're making Sophie uncomfortable!
Rachel, you didn't tell me your boyfriend smoked.
Not you. Relax. Ever have to fire anyone?
You're not the fan who's dying are you?
Well, if you want, you can work here.
Hi, one, uh, mushroom, green pepper and onion?
You two are really gonna enjoy that couch.
It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.
The picture of my wife! In your pack!
Oh, and he's got such a good heart! Doesn't he have a good heart?
Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.
Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
Yoko. I've decided to go to Minsk without you.
Okay, now I've really have to go!
...All of a sudden we realised we were in Yammon.
Oh, 200 seconds of passion. We gotta go.
One swift kick and he'll back off.
What do you think? You in the blue shirt.
Well, then it's not on the wall yet.
Okay, all right. Let's do it. And...Action!
No. And I don't think I'm gonna want to.
No! It don't go up on the wall!
Sure! I'll get somebody to cover my shift.
Well, they don't have to know that...
Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fiance, Mrs. Knight.
I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.
You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.
With them, under them, what's the difference? Eh, Rach?
Hey, it's so nice to finally meet you!
I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
Not that old crow, my mother. Congratulations darling.
That you and daddy were not on a break.
Nancy and I were talking about the fall collection.
Are you for Hanukkah, too? Because I'm part-Jewish.
There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!
But you're supposed to work on Monday.
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
She's not here and please come in.
Well, everyone seems to be enjoying your dish.
Ohh! Yes of course, thank you, thank you, thank you so very much.
We're gonna have a big family, I've always wanted a big family!
You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam.
Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.
The pizza-place across the street any good?
Monica, I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
I believed you were saving this seat for someone.
Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?
Oh wow, Ray-ray I have no idea what you're talking about.
Sorry, there's just more room out here.
Ooh, that's great, I love those little guys.
I'm soo glad I caught you, I couldn't find you before.
Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.
You wouldn't happen to have a very big fork?
Now get on out of here, you!
Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.
I-I think I'm gonna look around a little bit more.
Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here!
I want a retraction! Our food is not inedible swill!
Okay, but only if you give me a drag.
Yeah, but I didn't get to see it.
How did you know there was a but?
Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
He'll be here OK, take a chill pill.
There are a couple of forms to fill out.
I just never would have pictured Richard with a bimbo.
No! Why does he have to go?
Umm, it's a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
Oh, wow! You remembered! Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos!
Yes, it was very offensive to my people!
...says $30 Father; same as in town.
Well you guys, I'm outta here. See ya pals.
Russians! It showed them as terrorists and villains!
No-no-no, do you uh light candles? Burn incense?
Uh, how is he at handling small objects?
Oh my God. I think you're right.
Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.
Well, I don't understand why Adrienne's attracted to Victor.
Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.
I'm gonna go check up on your friend.
You have no idea who I am, do you.
And we kinda figured about the porch swing.
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!
I'll let you two guys get acquainted, huh?
I need these hangers separated ASAP. You're welcome.
How are you doing? Are you feeling any better?
Hi sweetie. Hi, can I talk to you for a second?
I'll be right with you. Okay? Thanks, Wendy.
You've got panties stuck to your leg.
This is huge, you can buy me beer.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
No, I'm getting it. I'll be right back.
That was an accident! And so were you.
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I'm blind!
Ok, this could go on for a while.
Uh, Phoebe you-you don't have an office.
So the light went out in my refrigerator...
But uh, this is a study for identical twins.
Oh, wait a second! I didn't say I wasn't free!
How did you know we were here?
You could kick anyone's ass you want too.
Or if you prefer, this table is available.
I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.
Does it have melted cheese and marinara sauce?
Not so good, Simmons and I gave him a wedgie.
Yeah, I've got something you can do.
Okay, I'll see you at the station later.
Keep the change. Sure you don't wanna pretzel?
I'd love to ask out your friend Phoebe.
Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full!
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.
Look, um I really appreciate your coming down...
Wow! You are really good at this.
Well, I don't know what to tell ya!
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Really? Then why are you like that?
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
No actually umm, I think that they're umm, gas.
Oh, OK, yeah. I'll see ya later.
Sweetie, you think you can get in there?
Wait a minute, his name is Dr. Bobby?
We've lost visual contact with the suspect.
Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?
Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Which one? Was it bald or was it tall?
Alright, Mommies, take a nice deep cleansing breath.
Uh-huh. Wow! Well, look! There's Frank.
Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?
Oh no-no-no, he's just I don't know, he's just a little bookish.
You wanna talk, I mean I can come over?
Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!
You don't want him, but you don't want me to have him?
Looks like that might come any minute.
Right... Oh, I got something for you, too.
Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?
Hey Chandler, what are you doing here?
Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.
Like 'em? I could eat a hundred of them!
It did at first, but not anymore.
Alright, that sounds like a two person job.
Yeah. So how have you been doing?
Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?
Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
Uh... uh... what're'you... what're'you guys doing here?
Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it!
Yeah, what's up with that girl Monica?
I mean, come on, buddy, get a real car!
And wait, I've got something for you.
Okay, so umm, what's your friend's name?
Thank you. I'm going to rejoin my dinner party.
Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you...
I know. I was sweepin' yesterday. It coulda been me.
Actually we're out of the lobster ravioli.
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
Richard. Richard. Your son isn't seeing anyone is he?
Judy, going to the bathroom, good for you.
Is it okay if I finish the apple juice?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas party, Rachel?
Yeah, ummm, I don't like the hat that much.
Hey. They're just trying to decide somehting.
I'm sorry. He'll be waiting for me.
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
It's out there man! I've seen it! I got it!!
I moved back here a couple of months ago.
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
It's a money thing, we don't have any.
Oh my God! It didn't remind you of...
Yeah, well, now you're kinda not.
You can watch our tape if you want.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.
Oh please God, let there be a song.
And now you'll see me buying it.
Excuse me, you're Monica Geller aren't you?
You are gonna be fine, believe me.
So? I mean have you thought about it?
Um, would you like to come in?
Congratulations on your new boat, Joey Tribbiani!!
Yeah, thank you Rachel, you are soo cool.
Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, so...
Why? Are we done for the day?
Oh, yeah, um, alright, I kinda need a divorce.
What're we looking at? That blue freckle?
Oh. Look, just friends, I won't grope you. I promise.
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
I'm going to look into your eyes now.
But, he told me over the phone.
Sorry. She thought you were somebody else.
Uh-huh! Let me ask you something?
Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.
Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!
I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir.
I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
So umm, I'll see you tomorrow, huh?
Thanks for having me over, you guys.
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
We're gonna give it another try.
Yeah, they wanna see you again tomorrow.
Well, you know your insurance will cover that.
I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
Okay, what was wrong with that call?
No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
I used to be Bryce on All My Children.
Oh hello Ross, where have you been?
Don't worry about it already. Things happen.
Well, anyway, I hope we can be friends.
I'm gettin' back together with my ex-girlfriend.
Okay, I'll see you in our room.
Hey Joey, you wanted to talk to me?
Now, that can be arranged! Slippery little bugger!
I can promise not to tell her again.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
I'm gonna be really late for dance class!
I can't believe we go on in, in a week.
Oh, hey Rach! I thought we said seven?
My God, what were you thinking about?
I've heard schho much about all you guyschh!
Oh don't worry, I'm not really a party girl.
...and her yoga and her Bridges of Madison County...
Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?
Okay, I know that I went to that all ready.
Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
This is from the woman at the bar.
Hey, that's weird, today's my birthday too!
You were fired? What're you gonna do?
I'll see you later, sweetie. Bye Joey.
Maybe we didn't make it clear enough.
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
Hey, where are we going to lunch?
The game is over, we eat now?
First of all, it's on your ass.
Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
I was gonna have Thanksgiving at my girlfriend's.
You really don't seem like you do. That's...
You're saying, my wife is in you?
I don't know. Let me see the ring.
Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.
Okay, I can let it go at eight.
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing!
Well, it's nice to know that you...
Is this about me taking your watch?
Right, at the end, you choked on a cookie.
Mm. Unless we go with a different dress?
Would you mind doing a picture with us?
I wanted to be one with the waves, y'know?
No, it's a water balloon fight! We started it!
Take a seat. You okay? You feeling all right?
Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.
Y'know what? We need to move on.
What're you talkin' about, I was killin' 'em.
Hey, my favorite part is coming up!
Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back.
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Cute assistant! What's his story? Is he...
Okay, I love you. Is that so bad?
Y'know, all I'm looking for is the money.
That you enjoyed the occasional drink...ing binge.
Your outgoing message has now been changed.
OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?
Uh, absolutely, yeah, sEnd her in. Hi.
Yeah. Well I-I got like thirty of them.
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
Hi, I'm Eric, I'm gonna be Chandler's new roommate.
What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
That's because I'm wearing a dress that accents my boobs.
So uh, do you live around here?
Can-can we take a look at your ticket?
It's really nice to see you again.
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
Oh my God, who died on this?!
Hey, no way, I'm in the shot man.
Oh hey! Good, you're both here.
You told me I was the only one.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
Alright, let me just get my coat.
Think I better go before mommy starts weeping.
You obviously can't keep away from her.
Oh, Rachel, actually, y'know what, forget it.
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Look, either you leave, or we remove you.
I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
Didn't I just throw you out of here?
I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.
Okay, I'll see you in an hour.
Why aren't you at home in bed?
Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?
That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?
Do you know who at my office?
No, she'll yell at me again.
Ah well, this is the living room.
It is okay, if I stay and watch?
Hi! Hi. I think I left my keys here somewhere.
Oh, yeah. Wasn't that like a year ago?
What? Are you married? 'Cause that's okay.
He better go on for what I'm paying.
Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.
Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
Oh, like you don't already have everything.
Hey, lovely! Come, talk to me a minute!
They still want me for General Hospital.
Do you want me to check again?
Oh that's great! You are the best!
I want you to move in with me.
Excuse me... This hospital is for people!
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Umm, Ginger's gonna take over this corner.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
There's a reset button under the plastic cover.
Sooo, Richard's shopping in the junior section.
Gotcha. Thanks again for meeting with me.
There was also leaves and guk and stuff.
Umm, Ross. May I have a word with you?
Did I put too much rum in here?
Right, why do you keep saying that?
Ah, excuse me, are you Rachel Green?
Next on the platforms are... ...you two! And... ...You two!
So I understand you're looking for a place.
All right, honey, time to start pushing.
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
Sooo, you've been doing this long?
I got an extra one. You want this?
There is a little child inside this man!
Oh yeah! I've seen all her movies.
Nice hair. What'd ya do? Swim here?
I'm just going to need to see your passport.
Thanks, Bernice. Let's go away this weekend.
You know what makes the itching even worse?
Okay lady, you're out of here.
Aren't you with that girl over there?
But you tell it really well, sweetie.
Cut! That was great everybody! Thank you!
One uh, vegetarian pizza. That's $12.15.
That's why you broke up with me?
Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
Were you this cute in high school?
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
I don't know, I mean, y'know, this is the city y'know, I just, I mean, I don't know.
Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
I can show you an ID if you want?
Guys. Seriously, it is not like that.
Well we left ours in Monica's bedroom.
Great! Oh, it all looks sooo good!
...Dammit, hire the girl! Okay, everybody ready?
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Good-bye and God speed, Hope Brady.
Oh my God! There's a toe in my kitchen.
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Hey Joey, I got some beer for you.
I am hurt! A plague on both your houses!
The doctor says it's a matter of hours.
Call security. Pheebs, didn't you get fired?
I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.
Anyway, hopefully, I'll see you around sometime.
Maybe because you've got the keys?
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
No, it's too soon for you guys.
You by the door. In or out?
How-how I like to melt stuff, and how I dislike stuff that doesn't melt.
I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.
I am so attracted to him right now.
Absolutely. Some people are just into appearances.
You need to get out of my chambers.
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
Well, here's a schedule of what's coming up.
The joke Bing. What's the matter with you?
I told that guy who answered your phone.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought.
I don't know, they're just a little blah!
Oh. Well, I'll right you everyday. 15 Yemen Road, Yemen.
98 hot saves, highest in the force.
No, let's just leave the lights on.
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Just a sec. Hope you find your monkey.
Ross you left you scarf in... Hey you guys.
Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!
Yeah, I just gotta run to the bathroom.
Honey, we don't have any bears here.
Look, you don't want to fight me.
What? Do you think he likes me?
Okay, fine, whatever. Welcome to the building.
Yeah Ross it's okay, it's me, Mr. Stevens.
The platoon is dead! Face facts Tony!
What do you need from the car?
Hey, what kind of work do you do?
Well, thank you for giving it back.
Oh look, look there's your old makeup kit!
Your thinking about my leg aren't you?
Excuse yourself, and go to the bathroom.
Did you cut this couch in half?
Oh, I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Hello? It's not gonna be Helen Geller.
You gonna slice them up real nice?
You gonna slice them up real nice?
Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...
Now, which of you is the father?
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.
Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.
Hello everyone. So who am I saying hello too?
Uh, excuse me folks this is a uhh...
Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?
Yeah! Yeah, it was definitely an improvement. G'night.
Coming in, we got a shooter! Money please.
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
You tell her Jack, I can't do it.
Ross, they are killing you out there!
Oh, there they are! I-I dropped my keys.
In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...
So, the Etch-a-Sketch is from you guys?
We could write it down for you?
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Mm! Seems like I would've remembered you!
Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!
Bing! You got those numbers for me?
Macaroni and cheese! We gotta make this!
God! What are you, in second grade?
You're gonna do what to my clocks.
Those earrings look really lovely on you.
Hey Joe does it have meatballs on it?
No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
No no no no, it's potpourri. You're supposed to smell it.
Is she gonna be all right?
Can I borrow the keys to your apartment?
Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.
But they're so dull, they're all opthamologists.
Oh, thank you Chandler! I just bought it.
Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?
Why are you so jealous of me?
Oh, I-I'm just making a list of people's birthdays.
I want to talk to you about your review.
Oh shout, that would have been fun.
Great. I'll ah, see ya then.
Can I get you something from the bar?
Joey, it's Anne Geddes. She's a famous artist.
Yes. Are you one of the retarded cousins?
You guys tell them you were married?
I gotta tell you, you look great now.
Excellent! What Rachel has shrewdly observed here...
I've had a really good time tonight.
Remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
They all had a thing for him.
Is your finger caught in that chair?
Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a sorority?
Well, there's a service in progress. Have a seat.
I'll even let you ring the bell.
Well, we determined the cause of the fire.
How's it gonna be all right?!
Do you know where the store is?
I just came for the red-velvet pillow.
Well uh, do either of you smoke?
No, but this wonder broom is amazing!
Okay. I didn't know he was here.
Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.
You're not gonna speed anymore right?
Happy birthday, sweetie! Give us a hug!
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
That's where you pick up the bag.
Why don't we take it for a spin?
I thought I heard voices. You must be Chandler.
Rachel, do you have any muffins left?
So, I got the results of the amnio today.
Oh, well we cut the trip short.
Bye Joey. Last night was fun.
Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.
Uh, they're not in it.
Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...
You wanted to see me Professor Geller?
Two days before Christmas? Sorry, man.
All right, ten centimeters, here we go.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Well, ok then. I'm gonna go. Bye.
I should just be happy to be near you.
That was great, the kids loved you.
Don't you have to use the bathroom?
Hey, hey, hey there aren't any clothes in it.
Yeah, for you. Is that the list?
Well, I'm still sorry. Is he here?
So you like the short hair better.
Jack, that's what they call the subway.
So we can go out again?
I'm Mrs. Dr. Barry Hunter hyphen Farber.
Y'know uh, actually I-I-I should get going.
You had sex with her didn't you?
So, you wanna get a hamburger or something?
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
We're waiting for the candy. Bring out the candy!
Uh, the usher told us to come...
We've come for her things.
We've come for her things.
Who-who else is in vice up there?
And I'll fit you for a glass eye.
You can't ask us son, that's cheating.
How, how can you be here and there.
You told me you didn't see anything.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file?
Well, somebody got some last night.
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Hi! And this is my wife Kara.
...and then Zana, just let one rip!!
Y'know how the garage floods every Spring?
I think it was valued at 19,000
Hey. What are we drinkin' over here.
Well all right, one thing happened?
Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?
Careful! They haven't quite taken yet.
Yeah, so she went back to Ohio.
He can have his job back.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
Hi, nice to meet you. Kate Miller.
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
I must tell you, you look beautiful tonight.
Our little boy is getting married.
For you and Emily, tonight, Die Fledermaus.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
Wow, uh, anything else I should know?
Could everyone please take their seats?
Elizabeth! Oh look, Elizabeth's here! Who are you talking to?
Hi. Okay, will that be all?
Could we see something in a slimmer heel?
All right. Here's your first baby.
Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.
Aren't you in my Popular Culture class?
But you're not. Okay, good.
So, thank you for the delicious dinner.
I was going to call him, but...
I'm sorry I... It's just there's no real spark.
That sucks. I was buried in an avalanche.
So, this was uh, really fun.
Is this guy great or what?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
No, your a masseuse, it's cool, I'm not a cop.
Well, you kids take the train in?
Marty's still totally paranoid. Oh, and, uh-
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Oh, yeah, this is from Rachel.
What, you don't think I know that?
No, I'm leaving to get my hair dyed.
Ya know, she's having another baby.
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
Alright people, now everyone grab a partner.
Hi, is Rachel here? I'm her sister.
Uh, Racquela tell me you massage, eh?
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
Well our service is not grossly incompetent.
Well why not you changed Ned's grade!
But they're not here yet!
No, I have some turning 21 to do.
As long as you don't see Rachel anymore.
No. But that reminds me, sign this.
Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking.
Why don't we start right now!
So are you his mother or his father?
Hey! You can't go back there!
Hi honey, I've got a cab waiting.
When I'm in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.
You're not wearing the patch yet.
I think it makes you look really dangerous.
You go get that animal outta here.
What?! I've never seen one before!
And who is this little cutie pie?
We can't scratch. You know we can't, we'll scar.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.
Wait a minute, you don't have renter's insurance?!
It doesn't say that in the script.
Can-can I get your autograph, I'm your biggest fan.
I'm Andrew, and I didn't pay for this pear.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
The shipment never made it through Omaha?
I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.
I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.
She-she wasn't ready for a serious commitment.
Can I ask what-Come on in.
What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Actually, I'm not here to complement the chef.
I thought I would, but the translation's no good.
Ok, you really want me out?
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Oh yes of course, hello Chandler.
Changing one hundred! Good luck sir.
Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.
Almost! But first, we gotta start.
Oh, I know a guy in homicide up there.
Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.
So uh, Monica is Ross's sister.
Uhh, I don't know, I just bring the scripts.
I don't want to talk about it.
Ahh-ahh, we'd better call the fire department!
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
So ah, what's wrong with him?
Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!
You hopped a little bit. Yeah, I really sorry.
She's not much of a phone person.
That's what we were off doing.
So, are you a member of any gym.
That's just halftime, there's more of this.
So ah, we on for tomorrow?
Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-
So, it's great to see ya.
Hey, what are you doing here?
God, your hair sure is different!
Yeah. Her. All of them. Anyone.
Don't worry about it. It's not a problem.
Joey, have you ever seen me ecstatic?
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
That's just the way it is.
That's so great for you guys!
That's so great for you guys!
So? Huh? What do you think?
No, Richard Burke gave them a ride.
If you want it to be.
Let's get you into wardrobe for a fitting.
Hi! What are you doing here?
What, wait, you mean like this?
Alright, fine. I'll call you back.
I remember when we first got engaged.
Some guys are just lucky I guess.
...emblem of the land I love. The home of....
Alright mister, let's see those panties.
Hey, thanks for talking to me.
Yeah, move over just a little bit.
You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.
Well, Telia Shire suddenly became available.
Thanks. You wanna hear something funny?
I'll be back in ten minutes.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
Hey Joey, I want to talk to you.
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
You're welcome. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
Nobody! We put them in here!
Oh. Good to see you guys.
Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!!!
He went out with my wife!
Flight's in an hour. I-I gotta go.
And could I get my ring back?
Yes you did! What was it?
Or so I would have you believe.
You ready to go to the batting cage?
Are you going to eat that bread?
Would you like to see them?
Umm, I thought about you all day.
We kinda broke up this morning.
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
All we want is two Caffe Lattes.
Hi Joey, what's goin' on man?
My God, you're choking! That better?
The bedroom. Well it's pretty much your typical... bedroom.
Alright, well, be good, I love you.
So ask me what I did today.
Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
I am not going to apologize to a tree!
Yeah! We promise! We'll be good!
Nooo. Uh-huh, no way. What? No.
How long do you want the cuffs?
Would you like my tin-foil hat?
Hi! What-what're you doing here?
I didn't ask. You wanna come in?
Will you be my maid of honour?
Any time you're ready, Joey.
Oh that explains all the women's underwear.
Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?
Mommy is so proud of you. Hi. Hi.
You really didn't have to. Wow.
Okay! Thank you! That was great!
You bet. Maybe some other time?
Yeah. Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.
We've got a cab waiting downstairs.
I'll call you later. Bye Ross.
Oh my God, you are so paranoid!
We were just talking about you.
You don't need to fill these silences.
Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.
Yeah, I love you. Okay, bye! Hi!
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
You guys live around here too?
And look where they're sitting.
Yeah, can I help you with something?
What if you put them here.
'Cause you guys were on a break.
I'm not saying you have to be Barney.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
Hey Mon! Hey Chann! Just gettin' a soda!
So. I guess I'll see you around.
Really?! Congratulations. When's the big day?
Come here, come here. Okay, don't get mad, okay.
Wow! That's wild! No, I had no idea.
Back on in 30 seconds people!
They're your backup singers... beind you.
Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Your make-up kit? I'd feel better.
I've uh, I've come to talk to Ross.
I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
There's one leaving in thirty minutes.
So uh, here's your office set!
No that's La Guardia. This is Mexico.
Oh, well that's not so crazy.
Please, can't you help me out?
I've got no reason to stay.
I am not telling you guys anything.
Oh. Okay! How can I help you?
No, I just thought it was cute.
So when are you getting married?
All right. I'll get my bag.
So far, I've sold seventy-five.
Oh great! Oh, you. Umm, what's up?
And who may I say is calling?
I am gonna try and quit drinking.
Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.
Hey, mind if I use the phone?
I was her accountant four years ago.
I'll see you after work sweetie.
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
I don't care! You just get him!
You do?! Wait, I like umm, the Beetles.
Yeah, I filled them out last night?
I've literally never been this happy.
I won't! Until I have my next cigarette.
Are you talking about having sex?
Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Thank you so much for coming.
Alright. Let's talk reality for a second.
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
Right there! That's my car! Hey!!
I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...
Very clean! It looks great! Terrific!
Uh, your door isn't sound proof.
Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.
So you wanna get some dinner?
Is that supposed to be me?
Actually, that's our three hole punch.
Oh my God, I think I'm gonna cry!
Fellas, these guys were here first.
What?! What would make you think that?
Actually, I'm here about the assistant job.
Well, then he's, he's probably just, out.
Ahh, I'd throw another thousand on that.
Uhh, you said there was a party.
Well, we had a table in college.
What do you need help for?
Yeah, we're not thirty, we're 31.
No, you've got to whip it.
I'm so happy that you're here.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
It was just so awkward and bumpy.
So it's just your mother then.
No, I really did forget my purse.
So what did you do today?
I'm just kidding. I'm getting married July 25th.
All right, you two, stop it!
My name is Gary, I live upstairs.
And I do have one seat left.
Yeah, they're out of town.
Why are your eyes so white?
Seriously, your dad doesn't like pranks.
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Fire safety is not a joke, son.
You're our third call tonight.
Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.
Op, this is saved. Gift shop.
Where did you get this number?
Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.
She's supposed to be with you.
You have some life here, sweetie.
Be right there. Be back in a sec.
No, that's not exactly what I was..
Well? Aren't you gonna do something?
I found it. Finders keepers, losers weepers.
How about a hammer, or a small blade?
Wait! No! No! It's my hamster! It's Mitzi!
All right. Keep pushing! Come on!
Uh, can I talk to you a minute?
Why don't you try to do-
No, just a salad will be fine.
Oh-ho, yeah. Yeah, the hand guy.
In human terms, I'd say Cybill Shepard.
Do you two know each other?
Okay, hope I see you tomorrow night.
Is that supposed to be funny?
Thanks, see you at the party.
Oh yeah, of course you don't!
Oh.. Never mind. Who are you?
Oh, that is so not true.
Ohh, Joey has the nicest friends!
What in the name of hell?
Where's the 1920s princess cut ring.
Yeah, um, may we help you?
Oh, look who's here, it's the weenies.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
Okay, she was here, but she left.
You have a Miss Monica Geller here.
Yeah, we were...we were just looking around.
Oh, well, I'll show you around.
Well then we'll get wet.
Would you like to call somebody?
Okay ahh, well, just ahh, follow my lead.
No you answer it and take pledges.
Yeah, she was my best teacher.
I'd better get back to my desk.
Er, uh, I'm just gonna go. Sorry.
Okay, I'll see you in a bit.
Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.
Come on along and listen to...
Well, I'm very glad you're here.
Two pounds of Moca Java please.
Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.
Makes me feel um, peaceful, heh-heh, please.
You're kidding! Oh, I love him.
He would like to kiss you.
So uh, you wanna go to Marquel's?
Here's your call sheet for tomorrow.
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
It seemed like such a simple idea.
Hey, anybody want to meet a hero?
Who in the hell are you?
So... they sss-still seem normal.
No, you can't use your watch.
You're scratching. Give me the dice.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
You didn't marry your Barry. I did.
All right, you have yourself a deal.
Shoot! I can't go, I have to work!
Your grandmother would have hated this.
I don't want you taking that thing.
Nice to meet you Monica. Bing!
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.
Phoebe? The lady who sells toner?
No-no really, was-was that not okay?
Oh cool! You made him cry!
Why?! Why?! He said he'd call. Why hasn't he called?
How would you like to pay?
You know, I don't know what I'm looking for.
You're stomping. It's disturbing my birds.
You're kidding. Oh my God.
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Wow, you have really pretty feet.
Nope! That never happened to me!
Yeah. Well see ya upstairs. See ya pals.
Ah, Susan will be so pleased.
It got caught on my watch.
Yeah I can, it worked real well.
Im sorry, I didnt get... Susan is?
Oh, that's not what it means?
And he was my best student.
I think you may have a drinking problem.
No, I was working on my pottery.
Think she got fired at Riffs?
Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?
I came to talk to you about Howard.
Nothing. I, I just remembered I have to leave.
It could've been a hair straightener.
Oh great! Wow! Yeah, it's comfortable.
Is it true they have beer?
Doctors are wrong all the time.
I-I-I gotta go, I gotta go. Okay, not without a kiss.
We stopped at the gift shop.
They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
Yeah, any messages for room 226?
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
All right. This is the kitchen.
Rachel, you needed to speak to me?
He always ridiculed my pottery classs...
Nina Bookbinder is here to see you.
You, you want, you want me to move out?
What'd you do, dip it in sugar?
Oh, please! What's wrong with Helen?
Jack, would you let it go?
Come on. I'll let you lead.
Well, I'm confused. I thought we shared time.
Can I get you a cup of coffee?
Y'know, they ruin it for everybody.
Would ya care to venture one?
Oww!!!! Joey, she just kicked me.
Yeah, that-that Chandler cracks me up.
Santa has reindeers that can fly!
All right, he's crowning. Here he comes.
Drake, what're you getting at?
Checking to see if it's even.
What do you mean, your seat?
Vic! Where have you been, baby?!
Um, thank you for the gift.
Wait that's-that's, what that's not what you do?
It's the key to my Porsche. Well, the key to your Porsche.
Elizabeth, what are you doing here?!
You wrote that you have a cute touchie?
I came to give you this and this.
Umm, do you sell these bags?
I was just being polite, but, alright.
Oh my God! That was flirting?!
You found that handle, did ya?
Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie. Ameri-ccan.
Well, I think I'll go and unpack.
I just remembered, I have to do something.
Oh, you're sweet and cute.
Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?
I think my uterus just skipped a beat.
Oh, I used to work with Frannie.
So, would you like any dessert?
Oh no! Where to? Too Paris?
Rachel didn't you just light that?
Hey pal, are you Joey Tribbiani?
Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
I am supposed to be the mommy?
Dr. Burke will see you know.
So you want to come inside?
So, what did Francis leave me?
'We' would be me and Rick.
I have nothing to do with casting.
Well have we finished the scene?
Actually, I'm reading it to the baby.
Oh, I'm not falling for that one!
Hey, hey. Good to meet you, Roger.
I'm a party planner. I'll see you tomorrow.
It's not that kind of anniversary.
Thanks a lot. Hey Christine, I got it!
Wow! That's ah, that's pretty nice!
You're so sweet! And I'm so surprised!
Nothin' roomie, just watchin' you sleep.
Glad to be of help. Matches.
I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.
Oh really, you guys tryin' again?
Umm, actually, I'm getting married again.
Jack used to handle the finances!
That's it, feel the rhythm. That's better.
The dark of night has disappeared!!
He's not here right now.
That's very thoughtful of you. It's very thougtful.
I'll take a look at him.
Ah, good to meet you. Robert.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
You, get out of my shop!
Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.
Uh, a little woozy, but basically okay.
Yeah, y'know the license plate game?
Are you interested in this ring?!
Thank you Richard, I appreciate the support.
Uh, no not really. Why?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
Okay. Oh no, I have to.
Okay. You ready to push again?
Well, you certainly own that room.
But, you left the chair area.
You have all the answers, don't you?
Hey you're in our seats.
Ah, I thought I'd find you here, Nasforatool.
I'm sorry, Joey, that is my chose.
Ow! Did you just bite me?
Yeah, I'm really looking forward to it.
You can say that again Mac.
Did not, she did not wink at you....
Well ah, what can you swing?
No, it really should be burgundy.
I had a really nice time tonight.
Okay. I'll be right back.
I'm sorry things didn't work out...
It's Eddie you freak, your roommate.
Oh hey! Here they are!
Here we go, one Hazelnut Latte.
What do we got here?
What do we got there?
So, have you kids eaten yet?
Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.
What're you doing? Are you scratching?
Y'know it's that feeling you get, y'know?
We want you to speak to a psychiatrist.
...on the rocks with a twist? I remember.
Oh, I don't know about that.
I don't think she'd like that.
I'm sorry, I, I just need a little time.
I'm probably gonna need those. Huh?
What was all that about?
Why don't we do a trial run.
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
Hi, is uh Phoebe here?
What's the matter? Are you upset?
Night Richard. Good luck Mon.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Dr. Farber, Jason Greenstein's gagging.
Umm, no, I don't think so.
Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Why not? What's going on?
I know. I like it up here.
No, but it did! Didn't it?!
Hey, hey, hey, her stuff wasn't in it.
I just, I thought Joey was there.
This is for the fourth grade.
Wait! Wait! There is the train station!
Thanks for dinner last night.
Ah, just one other thing.
No, I'm sorry. I have to go.
Well, I'm not gonna talk because...
These got left for ya.
Well uh, Ross? This is Joey. Joey? Ross.
Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.
Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.
What's going on over here?
All right, let's do it!
Oh, no-no, no-no-no, there's none of that in here.
Please, let me do something.
All right, see ya Pheebs.
No me, I am so sorry...
The sexy blonde behind the counter.
Can you be my dancing partner?
Joanna passed away last night.
Yeah! That would be great!
We're uh, we're getting married.
Come on. I want to know.
Well, we've gotta go.
Phoebe's got another job, right?
Wait a minute! Take your pants.
Well, not just for you.
Oh my goodness! You haven't heard!
So how did everything go?
Oh, who's this little guy?!
I really like waking up with you.
A part of him did yes.
Oh, I got that for him.
Hey Monica, how's it going.
Hey, how, how did you do that?
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
Hey umm, you brought protection right?
Because we can remember them.
What does he look like?
So ah, Monica ready yet?
The sex of the baby, Ross.
All right, let's try one.
What can I say? She nailed it.
He's getting married tomorrow right?
Give us a kiss. Come on! Come on!
Oh look at you! So handsome!
Do I know why we're rushing?
Do I know why we're rushing?
Wow! That would be great.
Oh that would be great!
What? Alright, what about my two?
Let's take it from there.
Well, I guess this is uh, I guess this is it.
Are you gonna be okay?
Uh yes, I think I vaguely recall it.
Kidding! God, I feel wild today!
Okay. Have you started having contractions?
No, I ahh, had another idea.
Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
Can I do it to you?
When I was six years old.
Uh, is your name Chandler?
No, no, I'm still working on mine.
Great. That would be fine.
They prefer it if I don't barter.
I know, but it's my job, sweethart!
I could be Chandler's new roommate.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
But, you're not identical twins.
Things change, roll with em.
Well, was there anything else?!
Well, this has been fun.
Ah yeah, sorry about that.
Okay, Raymond, Joey you're up.
Um, maybe 15, 16 years.
-if it's a boy, Minnie if it's a girl.
Yeah, sure, that'd be great.
Yeah! As long as we're here!
Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! Ross! Come on!
Sure! That would be nice.
Can you really do that?
Can I please see your face?
Hey, Rach! How ya doin'?
Yeah. That didn't work out.
One more chance Ursula, please?
You don't clean the cappuccino machine?
Hey! How did everybody sleep?
Oh I...I think they're funny.
Don't talk to me now!
Hey Joey! We're ready.
It is off. Right Ross?
Y'know what, I should do it.
So what do you want?
Hey Pheebs! How's it going?!
No, we just went out.
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
Your eyes are very pretty.
Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
All right, let's move on.
MY SISTER'S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!
This will be your phone.
Okay. Let's do it again.
Hey! Oh God, is that Baywatch?
I think we've seen enough!
So umm, are we cool?
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Ok, just one more point.
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
That's funny. Who are they?
Good luck! Go get 'em!
Great, I'll see you then.
Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
Alright, let's take this outside.
And who is your friend?
You're disturbing my oboe practice.
I'll just throw them out.
Oh, we're not together.
Oh, I never could do it.
Sorry. You look good too.
A couple of hours, I feel awful.
Wow, love your new nose!
She took all my stuff.
Do you want to know?
Oh, hey look nothing happened.
Well, my goodness, what was that?
The one with "Heston" on it.
Looks good. I'll take it.
Well, this all looks good.
Well, thanks again for lunch.
That's sweet. Could I take her?
Yes we are. So, coffee?
Oh yeah. See you guys.
Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
Um, coffee to go, please.
Guess what, I got an audition!
Oh yes, there you are.
Oh yes, there you are.
He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.
Well kinda old, like 30.
We kinda need to talk.
You-you have a very beautiful... eye.
No, I sold it to a Swedish runaway.
Clearly, I'm having sex with him?
Oh that's me, I gotta go.
Yeah, they still wear underwear.
I thought it went very well.
When's my daddy coming back?
So, how are you doing?
Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Oh yeah we do. C'mon.
Can I get some ice here?!
No! No dessert, just a check, please.
So Ross, what your problem?
O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Good luck, with your girlfriend.
Good luck, with your girlfriend.
I thought he was with you.
Ohh, it's time to go.
Well, if you don't, I will.
...and live forever as a machine!
I wish I could talk to her.
Because I'm in love with you.
Honey, it isn't good luck.
Just give me a chance too...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Why would you think that?
Monica! Where are you from?
He told me in person.
My God! You love me!
Loved him! Yeah! He's great!
I'm sorry. Was I not supposed to?
I'm sorry. Was I not supposed to?
But my apartment is so...
Is your back feeling better?
Well, that could take a while.
You're right. Of course you're right.
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?!
What are you doing here?
Making out in your office.
Really? You'll do anything?
Well, here's your phone doctor.
I feel good! ...Who are you?
I feel great. In fact! What?
Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!
Aren't you going to swallow that?
I know. That's what I told her.
It's about your monkey. It's alive.
I know. I'm mad at me too.
I have a family, I'm gonna be here.
I'm making change. I need change for the bus.
Ew, this feels very weird.
Ross, what're you doing.
What are you guys doing?!
Why would you say that?
I got a little drunk...and naked.
That's it. That's my whole name.
I think we have an answer.
It's good to see you.
Ahh, look at you, you look great.
Good to see you too!
Wait. I wanna show you something.
Oh, I love you too. But...
Oh wow! I'm free for her!
Yeah. It's gonna be weird.
Who are you talking too?
You did a good thing today.
Yes, what's the name, please?
Oh yeah! Come on! Yeah right!
Cool! I-I'll see you then.
Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Do you still work here?
Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Ah actually, that is mine.
I uh, don't really have a preference. You?
Let us begin. Dearly beloved...
Neither of us like Ross!
Ah here, we brought wine.
Oh, yeah! Ooh, that's nice.
You want me to cancel it?
Oh, like, uh, five minutes?
Come on over here, sweetheart.
Did anybody call for security?
Well, whatever works for ya...
Where do I know you from?
Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
The one in the director's chair.
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
Ross, whose glasses are those?
Then, you're redoing it because...
You look very pretty today.
We have got to move!
I almost forget the tickets, didn't I?
I know what your problem is.
I wish I didn't have to go.
It's not that weird, is it?
Did you pick out the vowels?
Am I allowed to drink anything?
Hi, err Rachel. I'm Dr.Mitchell.
Hey, we were sitting there.
I just sold it to that gentleman.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
May I see your boarding pass?
Oh, thank you. You're welcome.
"Monica, it's Richard. Call me."
Could you guys help me?
What?! They wanted a scary story!
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
Good to see you again!
I will go for that drink.
Oh! You know what I need?
Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!
Great. I'll see you later!
Oh my God! It's like a fairyland.
Let's never speak of this.
I guess we just keep dancing.
Maybe. Does that scare ya?
Oh, we have our babies.
Uhh, not that I know of.
Oh, you are the, uh... paleontologist.
WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!
Hey, can I ask you something?
You really enjoyed yourself didn't you?
So, can I get some candy?
I'm uh, considering leaving your father.
So, see ya on Saturday.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
No, no, they only said you.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
...and you sand it and you varnish it...
I like her. She sees smart.
Thanks for not marrying Rachel.
Oh, I'm gonna kick Chip's ass.
Nice to see you Rachel.
What's the matter with him?
Why would we be freaked?
No, she touched mine first!
No, I mean it's not Geller.
Yeah, it is! Naked Ross!!
That's my wife!!! Get out!
He's kind of intense huh?
It's uh, it's already been roasted.
Can I get you some coffee?
You used to be my babysitter.
When are you coming home?
Is everything all right, dear?
Ohh, I love Chinese! How did you know I love Chinese?!
Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we're-we're-we're-we're-we're clicking.
So. How'd you guys meet?
Suddenly, I very aware that I'm naked.
I'll see you tomorrow morning!
All right, on the table.
I have a question about this scene.
Drops. Here, they're free.
I'm Rhonda, and these aren't real!
Thank you. I'm from New York.
So, I'll call you tomorrow.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
You're doing it again.
And where is your hat?
Tonight. What are you doing?
You're doing great, you're doing fine.
I feel pretty. Oh so pretty. I feel pretty and witty and...
No, don't worry about it.
Well, I'll see you later.
No, no, there's no rush or anything.
Can I see your license please?
No, they're-they're all true.
We don't need any toner.
You were amazing out there.
What is with you tonight?
I'd really rather talk to him.
Oh, boy, do they suck.
Oh, thanks! That's so sweet!
Honey, you are in it.
Yeah, is she really 20.
Whoa, you are very beautiful.
Wow! What an unusual cat!
So, who's the lucky guy?
Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.
How's that coffee comin,' dear?
But you're not anymore!
Pecan sandy, just made em.
You lost 13 million dollars.
I'm poor! I gotta take the bus!
And your also bad in bedd-edd-edd!.
I know! I-I'm a big fan of yours.
Ah what?! Jessica hates horses!
You have really great hair.
Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?
Honey, don't bite your nails.
You wanted to see me?
Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer...
No, I'm getting three separate heartbeats.
You always said I'd make it.
No, let me explain! Fired!!
Hope you had a nice flight.
Oh-ho, I think it's nice.
Ah, which ever is closest.
Joey, this is awkward part.
Excuse me, that's 50 bucks.
Uh, no, Susan and me.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
Well there's one and there's another .
We appear to have angered it.
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Oh, way, way better than Mindy.
Oh that was a real person?!
No, pretty much just a towel.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I'm Joey! How are you doin'?!
Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
That's Carol with your son!
Yes, and she's very supportive.
Anyway, I'm guessing you hired somebody.
I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Oh, actually I sorta have plans.
Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Of course! It's her favorite.
All right, from the top.
This could've been hers!
Show me in the table.
Are you close with them?
You've been married twice?
She's not making me uncomfortable.
Meet me in the bathroom.
Nice to meet you too.
Nice to meet you Joey.
Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?
Hi, nice to meet you.
Hi, oh, I'm Lauren, Kate's understudy.
No, no that was the first.
Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh?
Hey Duck, is Chick here?
Yes. They're insanely white.
No, not getting my bra!
Okay, you guys free tonight?
You got a problem with that?
Hey, what happened to you?
Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Get a shot of Monica. Where's Monica.
Oh, here they are right here.
You must be so happy!
It's uh, 27 dollars even.
You slept with another woman?
I want you right here, right now.
Are we ready to order?
It's nice to have a boyfriend.
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Rust, is boat cancer, Ross.
I understand that would be difficult.
My breast milk is gross?
And I'm his friend, Dr.Rosen.
You're table's ready sir.
Okay, I'll pay you tomorrow.
Rachel has those in burgendy.
It went under the table.
I'll check the kitchen floors.
Just the last two pages.
YESSSSS!!!!! We got a baby boy!!
Oh, is he hungry already?
Mmmm... Ethan is my... boyfriend.
No come on. Come on tell me.
Well, I don't know. Are you a masseur?
Sorry, I don't know any Earl.
Your messages have been erased.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Ah, you... have the sex?
You don't have it anymore?
Hi sweetie! Are you leaving?
Really? Well, in that case...
Not your type?! She's gorgeous!
So glad you brought someone.
So, I hear, you hate me!
Oh! What about, what about the girls?
And you knew about this?!
Yeah, drop it! Drop the towel! Please drop the wowww.
No, you didn't. Hi, I'm Kathy.
Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?
So what. I say, punch him.
Oh, yeah. Had that dream.
Uh-huh. Is it dirty?
Uh-huh. Is it dirty?
Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.
We learned how to dance.
Oh, yes Elizabeth. Ah, 871.
Oh my god! Youre amazing!
Yeah, it's my cat. Give me my cat.
This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.
Thank you! Enjoy your flight?
No, it was. It was very very good.
Yeah. Are we nuts here?
Need uh, need a little hand there.
We'll go to a hotel.
We'll go to a hotel.
You're gonna kill me!
You're right. It was 37.
No, the man is a mess.
Okay. Will you marry me?
Even if he were... cornered?
Do you want a date Saturday?
What's in the cup, Ross?
He went out for groceries.
You have three new messages.
Can he handle the stick?
Oh, well I tell Issac everything.
Err... we know what we want.
Just tell me the truth.
Oh, just years of experience.
Oh, okay. Hey, two beers.
"You have two new messages."
It's okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. Shhhh.
Wait! You forgot your legs!
You're in this picture?
Well, my nose got lonely.
Uh, that's our friend Tanya.
Oh, thanks for the tip.
I mean, there's a statue in Minsk...
Ross, take me off speakerphone.
How, how is this my fault?
Right. Could you sign this?
I'm sorry, is the seat uncomfortable?
Monica, you asked the question.
You don't secretly smoke do you?
How do you know Frank?
Hey! Isn't that Tag's backpack.
Well, thanks for the books.
So, Monica, what do you do?
You are playing American football?
This couch belongs to us.
I thought it was... quite tasty.
Would you like some gum?
You put your balloons down!!
You put your balloons down!!
Is it dry in here?
I missed you. I'm gonna get changed.
Well, at least I'm not a murderer!
So, Monica, how's the ankle?
Oh well, no harm, no foul.
Just-just to clarify, I'm not Fonzie.
What's this? Blue nail polish?
No, she's at a faculty meeting.
No, I'm... not going to Minsk.
Why? Why?! What's wrong with me?!
If it's not a right angle, it is a wrong angle.
Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.
Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
I'll never forget you Hans.
What is in the cup?!
I won! That was my quarter!
You look beautiful this evening.
Here are the audition scenes.
Oh, no, no, it's about you.
Really! You got a place upstate?
I believe you know my husband.
What about my friend Victor?
So uh, who's your photographer?
Is that an expensive blouse?
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss the bride.
Well that's not a third nipple.
Ross? What's with the neck?
You must be Rachel, I'm Erin.
Yeah, Dewey, Cheatum, and Howe.
I'm not allowed to have soda.
Yeah, I'm riding the alimony pony.
Are you yelling at me?!
Are you wearing my glasses?
What's happening to your accent?
Well y'know, he's got access.
Nice to meet you Mac!
Um-hum, you're jealous.
No. No, you're not a loser.
You're straight. I get it.
Couldn't it just be a coincidence?
Oh, good. Thisll be fun.
Good for you. Alrighty, next?
No. Have you seen David?
Ooh, steer clear of you.
I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...
Oh, I, uh- I went to Aruba.
Hey! You're a good dancer!
So, who's the mystery man?
Excuse me, you think I'm cheap?
Welcome everybody, welcome to Amazing Discoveries!
Hi! I brought you back a macaroon!
Ohh! We're kidding! Oh, we're kidding!
No-no-no, the kiss was good.
Sipowicz? No, I don't think so.
No he, he moved out and I moved in.
I don't know, I don't have my jammies.
beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .
You want me to sing?
Okay, we're not.
We're on in 3, 2,
Hey, be right there.
Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
Did you bring the toe?
So, uh, is this, uh, mistletoe?
You mean like exclusive friends?
I am famished. What do I want...
Yeah, but this is
You okay? You all right?
Stop saying that. I hate that.
What happened to the library?
Ahh, miss? More coffee?
You're an excellent patient!
Oh, yeah. I know that.
No you do. You... just...
I tell ya a lot things!
I think we're here.
Who drank all the Kamikazes?
Yeah, get out! Now!
No I don't think so.
Monica! I think Rachel's here!
Really, y'think so? I don't..
Oh, am I on the radio?
Um-hmm, five actually.
How did we do?
Yeah. That's okay, right?
I don't know, it's just...
I'll be right back.
It's a good play, isn't it?
Barley? What kind of party serves barley?
But you're not bald.
We don't have to.
We can't do that.
Actually, I should get going.
Yeah, come on in.
I'm sorry, but I can't say.
N-No running in the chapel!
It can do this.
Yeah, we'll see!
I don't think I should say.
Do you have any tissues?
I know a guy who's the 18th.
You're paying for that.
You mean they're lovers.
Right! But, I am sorry.
Okay, Chandler, come on!
I know! It's awful. I love you.
We're so sorry.
I will flip you for it.
Right, okay, then no.
Hey, where's his thing?
Well, here it is.
We're back on.
Yeah, I'm gonna say no.
No, I don't know him.
Uh, sure, why not.
How are ya man?
Oh, okay, I get it.
No. No, I haven't seen him.
Yeah, I'd really like that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.
Why don't we what?
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, I thought it would be funny.
Ross? That opens my cervix.
I gotta friend named Mark.
You had sex, didn't you?
All right then, it's settled.
How you doin there squirmy?
Yeah! Oh my God!
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
Hey! What's going on?
Oh, you know what?
You gotta take the canoe!
He didn't have any.
...Like, ...all of them?
I had them made special.
I have to get back to...
What did he say?
Uh, I am, uh, being naked?
Okay, I'll do it.
Here, I'll get it.
Uh-huh. G-good deal.
Hi! What's going on?
Stupid Jack, the word is stupid.
I see. Have you considered therapy?
What is going on?!
What is going on?
No! I mean he's nice.
Mr.Douglas... ..cool tie.
Fine! Two minutes. Go.
I would really like that.
That was...so good.
That's not so good.
This one's from me.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
I'd love an ice water.
Good-bye Chandler Bing.
I think I lost. Three times.
He told on us?
What's it look like?
It's lovely to meet you.
Oh, umm, all right.
Oh yes there is!
Went out with Joey.
Hello! Who's in there?
No, it's really good.
You're an Aquarius, huh?
Normally, I would not do it.
Ah, poke a nose, mmm
Yeah, they're fine.
What's with this guy?
Somebody called about a monkey?
Oh, look at that.
So you guys want coffees?
That would be great!
Hi! Rachel Green's office.
Just aim for the bump.
Let it go, Ross.
What'd you think I was, a hooker?
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
Thanks for your help.
Oh my God, Rachel!
Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?
That's because they are.
On your back... Mom.
Uh, it's the college playoffs.
Hey, you. He's just adorable.
No! No boom-boom before big fight!
C'mon. Let her. Yeah.
What? Is it my breath?
Smelly cat, smel-ly cat...
I know a great little place.
Hello, is Ross there?
Oh, great! Me too.
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Let it be me! Let it be me!
You work and you work and you work on a boat...
No, don't say it.
Umm, yeah-no thanks.
I'd love some juice. Thanks.
Here, let me help.
Tell me about it!
Wait! Hold on! Hi!
Don't be too long.
C'mon kid, let's go.
Yeah, what's the gala for?
Oh that's so great!
I think you've got concussion.
Are they here yet?
You'd think, wouldn't you? Miss?
She got a job in L.A.
Take thee, EM-I-LY...
Take thee, EM-I-LY...
But you're not.
Want us to go?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, I think I forgot my receipt.
And tell him what?
But how about tomorrow?
Then uh, what's-what's this?
Another Minute Maid fiasco.
Which is bad, because?
Hey Joey. Hi. Hey, buddy.
I'll take it all.
Are you all right?
Are you all right?
Are you all right?
Let's do this alright.
Oh no, I'm fully qualified to...
Ohh! Didn't know! Okay!
This should be fun.
You! Chuckles! What's your name?
What's too much fun?
No suds, no save. Ok?
Still rolling, annnnd action!
Your not doing it.
We've got a problem.
You can have it!
I'll talk to her.
Way to go, Phoebe!
Are you travelling with a child?
Oh, say no more!
So you like it?
Saw Regis Philbin once...
I guess he doesn't know.
Is there something wrong?
That'd be great, thanks.
Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?
What's he talking about?
Oh, there's our stop.
I'm gonna work on that.
No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.
I'll be in in a minute.
No that's not true. That is not true.
What do you, what do you think?
How do you know?
Uhh, Rachel, my parents...
We're getting married!
So this is it? Victor?
So is Joey around?
Look I just thought that...
Well, that was ah...
My joke wasn't funny.
That could be it.
By being in a box?
What do you think?
Well, sure, that too.
You're into hardcore S&M right?
A joke they would appreciate?
It's this way? Sorry.
Cool! I'll catch up!
Yeah, sure. Good luck!
Wow! Well, welcome back!
Is everything all right?
Then don't break in!!
Yeah? Well you look phenomenal.
Phoebe! That's a great name.
Well of course I am!
Rachel! Could I have a moment?
Ross, are you okay?
Buon Giorno, Bella Phoebe!
But, you got up!
What do you see?
What do you see? What do you see?
Oh my God, I'm married!
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
You really need the bassinet?
Yeah, that's what I said.
Thank you! Good meeting you.
Okay, now I'm really late.
C'mon, this is us.
Look I want you, now.
Oh God help me.
Hey, ready for dinner?
I'm looking for Phoebe Buffay!
Like it would help.
My god, what happened?
I'm sorry guys, closed set.
Working with blind kids.
Well, up yours too!
Why? What you'd do?
Nice to meet ya.
No-no I heard! I'm just sorry.
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand.
How did you know?
Wait! We need shoes!
So, how ya doin?
Hey, hold on a second.
How hot are we?
Wait! Where's my shoes?
Ah, that's okay, thanks.
You're look for laughable...
He says he was too.
We're just friends.
The new girl's good.
Hey! You're back!
Yes, it has a head!
So, you look great.
I know, it's horrible isn't it?
You think about it.
Tartlets. Tartlets. Tartlets. The word has lost all meaning.
I can help with that.
So what's your name?
I'm sorry, who are you?
...No, we hate him.
Where is this party?
Yeah, but you didn't.
Daddy cut me off.
See what you did.
Susan and I live together.
Almost time for cake.
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
No, but that's bad!
Actually they were Nana's.
I talk in my sleep.
What does that mean?
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
Yeah, it sure does.
Yeah, isn't that great?
So... We go eat.
Ross, drugs? Divorced? Again?
What is this place?
Dance with your father.
What's my last name?
Yeah, um, I'm, I'm leaving now.
Oh, maybe that's it.
This almost never happens!
You think so too?
I've never seen it!
Well, he's doing terrible!
Well I tell you what...
How does it happen?
Isn't it a beautiful wedding?!
What is wrong now?!
...in love with you.
I'm in love with you.
...and the bansai's and the chiuaua...
Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I'm sorry.
Did I, uh, did I miss something?
She may have died?
Thanks! Enjoy your funeral.
We have our babies?
All right, hang on!
But we broke up.
Everybody has to audition.
Oh, that's better then.
So, so youre here too?
When is Santa coming?
Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.
I say, punch him Joey.
It's my baby too.
Hang it up! Hang up the phone!!
Huh, I never really noticed.
It looks like her.
What did you say?!
Actually I ah, I am a poet.
I can still see you!
Never mind, it's open.
Bing! That's a great name.
That might be fun.
I don't need any toner.
Thank you. All right.
Are you remaking the bed?
Oh, is there a problem?
Put your balloons down!
Or I'll call you!
Will you call him?
Hey hey, come on in!
Hi, this is Richard.
My parents are dead.
Where are you from?
Um, yeah, I'm just... ..working.
Oh, just updating the phonebook.
What four of us?
I'll get our seats.
Well, go ahead Rachel.
Go! Come on! Roll!
You thought I was Rachel?
Santa's mad at me.
Alright, we'll share.
Here he comes! Hurry!
There is no father.
There's one thing missing.
Rachel is my girlfriend.
The guy with the gas?!
Oh yes. Yes, yes, I am, uh-hmm.
Where have you been?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
You two were married?!
Fine. I don't like you!!
Oh my God, I'm late.
You did a bad thing!
What're you doing?
What're you doing?
I wasn't ready for it.
No, thank you. Chandler!
You don't wanna know.
Joe. How's it going?
Oh, sorry, I didn't realize.
No Santa? Was I bad?
Ohh, it's a bit small.
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
Who's party is it?
Speech! Come on Monica!
We have great news!
Here you go honey!
You got married again.
Totally and completely healthy!
Shh! No! Joe Hill!
I finally got my band!
As in my grandmother.
Alright, I'll call you.
Okay, so it's a date.
This is a great picture.
Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
Yeah, I was just kidding.
You don't have, anything?
Where do you work?
Oooh it's getting close!
How are you honey?
Yeah, but even soo.
Or I'll hear you.
Is all this true?
Ohh that's so sweet!
No, I think it's cute.
Ohhh! Put it out!
Thank you so much.
What about shut up?
Oh, good. Thank you.
Hi, can I help you?
I can't help you Joey.
Congratulations! Ohh, that's great!
Which one? Which button, Jack.
Joey Tribbiani, this is...
Umm, is Tag here?
That's pretty much it.
How can I help you?
OK, everyone gather up.
Uhh...Shall I go on?
Uhh...Shall I go on?
Welcome to Las Vegas.
You told on us?
Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?
Yeah, yeah, all the time.
Have a seat son. Hey!!
Hello, Monica. Hello, greeter girl.
Are those your teeth??
Are you gonna play?
No, let me finish.
Monana was very brave.
Oh, it looks great!
I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.
Where can I wash up?
Nobody sees the king!
No! I went with Mindy.
I'm in my boss's car!
Oh, Ben! Hey, buddy!
Well, I could cut it.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll see you tomorrow.
It's okay, Rachel knows.
It's open! Come in!
Then, what's the problem?
I-I'm sorry. I, I-I-I believe I ate that.
Just call me Paul.
What-what are you doing?
Well that wasn't easy.
Miss? May I help you?
Are you guys ready?
Hi, how's it goin?
We were playing rugby.
You know where I work!
Yes, you said that.
I'll never forget you.
Oh hi kids. Hi darling.
You are so bad!
I don't think so dear.
Get my glasses too.
Oh I, I have plans tonight.
She broke my arm.
Hi Mom, it's Jill.
Is Tony Randall dead?
You're so bad!
Rach, are you okay?
I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.
No, we are. I'm sad.
Bye! See you later!
Well that's not true.
Thanks. You want it?
Oh, I'm Ronni. Ronni Rappelano? The mistress?
See you later Rach.
Well, she has issues.
Yeah, whatever. Oh no.
I'll see you later.
Do you have a minute?
I did. Now I'm the idiot.
You asked him too?!
More of Grandma's teramisu.
You mean like watch?
Uh, may I help you?
...the scotch and the cigarettes...
As much as he needs.
I'm actually the office manager.
Is that true miss?
So, so, did you hear?
Sorry. You look beautiful.
Excuse me. Excuse me. Sweetheart! Come!
Yeah, you're funny.
Come on, touch it!
May I help you ladies?
But it's my car!
Hey, where's the chicken?
Ice coffee? Tell me it's ice coffee!
Hey! That's my car.
You must be Ross.
Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
That's really a day shoe.
Who told you that?
Ohh, I thought that you....
That's fine, thank you.
According to recent findings!
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Fonzie met Mork. Mork froze Fonzie.
Whats she doing here?
You don't think I'm cute?
That's the whole part?
It really says that?!
Ross, you remember Susan.
I love both of you!
No help required Chico.
Youre doing it again.
You mean Dr. Geller?
Thomas, come back here!
Would you.......Would you hug me?
We're outta here!
Okay. I'll miss you.
Hey Phoebs, what's happening?
Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon.
Okay! See you later!
Here comes the bride.
Are they, uh, firm?
Are they, uh, firm?
I think he's stoned again.
Whad'ya mean no?
That saves us a conversation.
That's great! Hey! Excellent!
Yeah. From the top?
Alright. What's the message?
Please, please take him too.
How's the hired help?
Hey Monica, it's Chip.
Eew! It's creepy looking!
Is that my ass?
Bread. Aren't you a chef?
Oh, hi. It's Mark.
I'm not on the list!
Alrighty. From the top.
Absolutely! Is Friday okay?
You ready to go?
How's my Bing-a-ling?
Um, yeah, um, twin thing.
Screw it! I'm having one.
Nobody. I was just practicing.
It's uh, $12.50.
You picked a great couch.
Sophie, get in here!
I thought you didn't smoke.
No one likes a buttmunch.
We're still rolling!
You are so sweet.
How about Mama Lisettie's?
They-they-they can smell fear.
It does sound appealing.
We love you. Buy.
Someone I can spoil, y'know?
Oh damn, I hate that.
You're so sweet!
One ticket to Yemen?
You need these books.
In the moment, yeah.
Howard's the handy man!
Y-, y-, you like that show?
Give me a 'for instance'.
Oh, I thought I heard you.
Gloves. Brown, leather dress gloves.
Why'd you freak out?
Well, you seem fine.
Nothing! It's an expression.
What's a matter with you?
Honey, honey, people are looking.
You're that stupid.
Nice to meet you.
You are an idiot. .
You mean dying man?
And some biscottie cookies.
It wasn't my decision!
I thought it was toner.
Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle?
Yeah. How 'bout that.
Forget the platoon! The platoon is gone!
No dear. It's not.
To get my coat.
Well, you were fired.
Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
Not so fast Wesley!
What about the duck?
We agreed on Minnie.
Er, yeah, it's mine.
Is there a Julio here?
Do-do you, do you have brothers?
I could play the oboe!
What's you point man?
Are you Phoebe Buffay?
Don't, I like it dirty.
Don't, I like it dirty.
What kind of surgery?!
It's all right. Sweetheart.
Take 36 is up!
No that's my assistant.
You wear bi-focals?
He touched my fanny.
That's about 60 cents.
I'm just taking you outside!
It was Max's stuff.
Hey, you like pizza?
We want candy! We want candy now!
I'll help you dial.
Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.
We never get smacked.
Lemonade? You ok man?
You're so welcome.
You make me laugh.
Rachel? Do you smoke?
You owe me a cat.
Oh my God! Whoah!
No no no, no no no, neat, as in no rocks.
Well, it's kinda dangerous.
That won't be necessary.
The next station is Poughkeepsie. Poughkeepsie!
Whenever you're ready.
What are these, stitches?
Why are you yelling?
You are so fired.
What like Pete Dakota?
Was it her quarter?
This is a glaucoma test.
So! How's the library?
Yes, yes, do go on.
Yes, yes, do go on.
That's my monkey. That's Patti, Patti the monkey.
You wanna touch it?
This hummus is great.
Thank you! Thank you so much!
You have three nipples?
Oh, you're welcome.
All right. Okay. I'm starving!
Are you being British?!
God bless the chickpea.
Ahh that's the 2 points.
Minsk. It's in Russia.
They're all tourists.
You were gonna propose?
And for you sir?
No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
Anytime you're ready.
Mmm. Bob Buttons. Here, Bob Buttons.
You have not changed!
Give me the dice.
No, I wanna melt it.
All right, he's coming. He's coming!
Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.
Lovely to meet you.
Do you have a sec?
Where are you Vic?
That dies with me.
No, not my touchie.
That I was not expecting.
Rachel, I made you a cocoa.
Oh my God! Ray-ray Green?!
Oh. Oh-oh-okay, I get it.
It was my quarter!
Sure, sure. Come on... ...in...
Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh!
You're a genius, Ross.
You did it twice?
No, I'm picking you up.
C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
Ahh, are you hadsome.
Ahh, are you hadsome.
You owe me a waffle.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
I'm sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....
You're a big scrud.
Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?
It's called the cherry.
Were you following me?
I love Mark. Do you know Mark?
I really can't slap you.
You're Erwin's daughter?!
And for the gentleman?
It's the basketball playoffs.
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
You don't like puppies?
And there is Kevin.
That can be arranged.
No no no! Federal regulations!
I'm not all right.
Really? Like how?
No, but I can't-
Bon giorno tutti!
Yeah. All right.
So, all right.
Ross, I'm gonna go.
3! 2! 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
3, 2, 1. Happy New Year.
There y'go. Ross?
Five dollars a box.
But, we are.
Yeah, we are.
Yeah, we are.
But like how?
Somebody lose a ring?
Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
Step aside, ladies!
Y'know, I know you're talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."
If that helps you.
I'll be there.
Some day, maybe.
Happy birthday sweetie.
Happy birthday sweetie.
Here, we are.
It's-it's-it's almost dead!
Who's out there?
I suppose mainly sexual.
Here we go.
Eight whole days.
What is it?
Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
C.H.E.E.S.E. is right here.
Hello, Mr. Bing.
Oh, yeah! Right!
Hey there Ross!
Let's go Phoebe!
That - that's an idea.
You are so adorable.
Who? Me the attacker?
I-I-I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Ohh, Ross, please!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.
I'll be okay.
Become a drama critic!
Monica! Hi honey.
There she is.
Maybe I should go!
I-I'll call ya.
I was gonna say...
I really can't say.
Look at this.
Come on in.
Come on in.
1 minute 50 seconds.
No! Come on!
No! They did!
Not to me.
Umm, I'm still here.
Six dollars, please.
Oh, OK. Oh, sorry.
Don't do that.
Just do it.
Girls, sit down.
Yeah, that's right.
That was me.
That's not all.
Phoebe, come on!
I can't do that!
I can't do that.
I can do that.
Good bye Ross.
He is? Why?
It's for me.
What was that?
Where are they?
Yeah, let's go.
Hmm, noodle soup.
One, two, three...
Three, Two, One!
Yeah, it was.
Any minute now.
Hey. Hi Phoebe.
Twenty-four actually.
Did he call?
Yep. Pretty much.
Really? About what?
So, what's up?
Oh. Uh, what?
Here let me...
Yeah, could you scooch?
Am I too late?!
Say something..... hot.
Let's show 'em.
Uh, bye Monica.
No, this is a loaner.
Oh I'd like that.
More wine, dear?
But were fine.
Good idea! Yes!
Five more seconds.
Swiss quartz, ha, ha.
Joey!!! Happy Birthday!!
Well, we were...
Rachel Green's office.
You missed the exit!
Oh, it's you.
Oh, come on!
Oh. They don't.
Oh, so did I.
It's not here.
Why should we?
Good morning Rachel.
I am so sorry.
All right, man!!
Chicken or small?
Uh-huh, yeah.
We're ok.
I just did them.
I'm Chandler's new roommate.
What's with him?
Who is this?
Hey! Me too!
Oh.... my.... God.
Oh my god.
Oh, my, god.
OH.....MY.....GOD!!
Oh my God.
Oh my God!!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!!
Oh.... my.... God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Your name, please?
I thought of a thing.
Where's your baby?
No, that was clenching.
Worth a shot, huh?
What's going on?
Hello, funny Valentine.
What about it?
Night-night Bing-a-ling.
All of them.
Okay, see ya.
Okay, see ya!
Tell her what?
Esther Livingston. Gone.
Umm, Frank Buffay.
Huh, good luck!
Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
Good-bye! Good luck!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Yeah, me too.
Yeah, me too.
Oh! That was Lambchop!
Ohh, nice choice.
What, look back?
Look at that.
Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Nothing at all?
Where are we?
I'll do it.
Hi, its us.
Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.
All right, fine.
Actually, me too.
I'll get it.
Doctor Ross Geller.
It was, wasn't it?
Oh, I didn't, I didn't know that.
Oh, hi Rachel.
What-what's going on?!
That's a good one!
That's a good one.
Oh hi Phoebe.
I know! I can't wait!
Hey baby, I'm back...
That's great! That's wonderful!
No, I-I-I gotta go.
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
No, I'm still married.
I'm sorry, I do that.
Just those two!
I can't believe this!
How ya doin'?
Yeah, I gotta go.
Well someone does.
Saw your head. Saw your head.
No, it's you!
I don't have anything.
Oh, I got it.
I'm not coming back.
I think I need a drink.
Sorry, it's not.
Well I just thought...
Oh, me too.
Oh! God! Wow!
How's it going?
No, no, no. What was that?
All right. Bye.
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
...and this guy...
Do I know you?
No, I mean happy.
Hi! Remember me?
What is it, Tim?
Isn't this great?!
Take thee, Emily...
Take thee, Emily...
You have me!
Hey, Weird Girl.
Okay, well g'night.
Tell me everything.
No, you don't.
And for you?
Yes. Absolutely. A quality.
That's the one.
What's with you?
I love your car.
Someone in there?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Someone in here.
Wait, just a second.
Night Mon. Night Julio.
Ah! Nora Bing!
Oh! Wow! Hey!
I just had sex.
Um, now. Phoebs.
When's your birthday?
When's your birthday?
Are you okay?
Which do I like?
Here's the thing.
Yeah, I'm her date.
Oh, that's great.
Oh that's great!
Yeah, isn't he?
Ohh. Like what?
You're right.
Its a little complicated.
It was you?
Oh, hello Ross!
Oh hello, Ross.
Yes it is.
Oh, ok. Alright.
Um, excuse me.
Wow, that's great.
Ohh, so cute.
No no no. Talk... dirty.
Hey! How's Ben?
Happy birthday sweetpea.
Oh honey, I'm fine.
He's got a girlfriend!
Okay, everybody hold!
It's, uh, it's Paul.
Sorry, prom queen.
Oh, no thanks.
That would work.
Good luck, babe.
Sure, I'd like that.
You okay there, slugger?
Ohh! That's great!
Yeah, okay. Alright.
Yeah, okay, bye.
Why, what happened?
Yeah. Hate him.
Still no luck.
Yes, Waltham interiors.
Yes, Waltham interiors.
Huh. That's nice.
No. No, that's- that's okay.
Dance with him.
I can't believe it!
She passed away.
I am Guru Saj.
Oh hey, Pheebs!
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Here you go.
There you go.
There you go.
There you go.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
Or your keys.
Yes it does.
He does that?!
Hi, Mrs. Knight.
No we won't.
Hey. Morning, dear.
No-no-no-no! Have a seat! Have a seat!
It's about you.
Oh Rachel, uhh...
You are now.
Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.
Is there a problem?
It was fine.
Do it again!
Of course I do.
Of course I do.
Of course, sir.
Come on, lady!
The other us.
Your... excuse me?
I'll remember that.
I'm wearing two belts.
Well, of course.
Ohh, brisk tonight.
Yes, at 4:00.
Please stop it!
Comin' through. Move, move.
I get that a lot.
We get high.
Good for you.
You're good. You're good!
How did you--?
Talk to me.
Listen to me!
I own this store.
I'll see you.
Thanks, any suggestions?
Don't touch him!
What a nice story!
I am Father Kalebasous.
So Santa's coming?
Hey you guys!
Uh, you guys?
Okay, I bought a boat.
Who's doing shots?
You would think.
Drake, look out.
What is, honey?
Hi. I'm Rob Dohnen.
What's not funny?
Oh, thanks, sweetie.
I love that idea!
Son of a bitch!
I forgot my paper.
Yes, Papaya Extract.
Take thee Ross...
Take thee Ross...
Monica, wake up. Monica.
Oh please, a relationship.
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?!
What's wrong, sweetie?
Whoa! Big octopus.
What kinda change?
I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.
Are you Chandler?
You were right.
My fish, Buddy.
You got it.
Oh, my baby!
Five oh dollars.
Because I-I like you.
I can't imagine why.
Ready to go?
You don't say!
I forgot my purse.
Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.
I don't speak English.
It-it's really heavy.
What? He's cute!
You want some?!
What happened son?
Yeah! Yeah, we can!
Your license please.
No. I'm all alone.
No, I hate cats.
Ross, I love you!
I knew it, wow!!
Still no smile?
God. I love you.
Oh Jack stop.
I see the head.
I beg your pardon?
I know I couldn't. So....
Oh! ...Hello, dear.
Yeah, big fan.
Is it bad?
I love you, too.
May I see it?
I don't have a monkey.
I could have birds.
Really? You two?
Okay, I love you.
I love you Phoebe.
Take it easy.
Nice uh, costume.
Carol, not me.
Do I dare ask?
Hey, Dr. Farber.
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
Maybe you should.
You really sure?
That's my job!
Just keep smiling.
Just keep smiling.
Sorry, members only.
Thank you. Uh...
Looks like it.
Oh, excuse me.
Breakfast is near!
Hey, it's everybody.
As were you.
That's kinda sad.
Thanks! You too.
I didn't read it.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Tomatoes are squishing.
Yeah, refrigerator college.
Okayyyy! Anddd, go!
I found the picture!
I found the picture!
Is this true?
Come on! Speech!
I could have cats.
I got you...these.
No, go ahead.
Nooo, it wasn't.
So I was wondering....
What kinda noise?
Okay, go ahead.
No, but I'm asking-
She's your partner.
Yeah. Thank you.
Shut the book!
Oh, I totally agree.
I bet it's fast.
You never know.
I-I-I'm leaving the show?
What about Julie?
Hey, you listen.
It's a different building.
So long, Vic!
Her name's Debra.
Shut the door! Shut the door!!
Then we agree?
He started it!
Shes still here.
That's terrible! I'm sorry!
Here, monkey. Here, monkey! Here, monkey! Gotcha.
No, I'm Mary-Theresa.
Hey, Mr. Trib.
Oh, come on! Come on!
Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?
It's a lovely apartment.
Is this yours?
No! Sam Waterston!
I guess you can.
That's not true?
Uh, the dog.
Are you alright?
Wow. He's strict.
That's so sweet.
A film in Guadalajara!
Oh. Thank you.
Oh thank you.
It's my sister.
What 'cha doing?
You were saying?
Keep on scooching.
Can I help you?
Can I help you?
Can I help you?
....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.
Yeah! Punch him!!
What's goin' on?
Yeah, I heard it.
Bite me, blondie!
I know. I hate that!
No you stop!
Chandler is fantastic!!
May I help you?
May I help you?
May I help you?
Your territory, huh?
Just a small tranquiliser.
You kids ready?
Well it's gone.
I miss you already!!
I think that's fair.
Judy, the kids..
Can't hear you!
Oh sure. Vince?!
I knew you'd understand.
Oh John! Great!
What the hell!!!
Oh yeah, aww!
It's raining men!
Really! You-you sail?
No more pranks.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
No, it's-it's Andrew.
I'm not freaking out.
You think I'm hot?
Yeah, little Eric.
You wanna dance?
It's a bathing suit?
That's my monkey.
Sharing is good.
Oh well, I'm divorced.
-make the decision-
Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!
Well, I'm from California.
You're next!!
It's kidney stones.
I'm the supply manager.
Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I have a little comb.
That's good. Very good!
It's a curling iron.
She's not a twinkie.
You wanna quit?
Where you goin'?
So oysters, huh?
The Waltham Residence.
The Waltham Residence.
Here's your scone.
Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely.
Lose the robe.
I brought you something.
Oh, hi, darling!
Well that's wonderful. . . I
Wh-what's that?
Why the Post?
You too, sir.
How you doin'?
How you doin'?
Kenny the copyboy.
I love you Drake.
Monica, Monica is great.
Oh, I spilled some.
Both of you?
You are mad!
Okay, errrr, Monica?
Are you serious?
Are you serious?
In the park?
Thank you sweetheart.
I want you Drake.
That's so exciting.
I love you sweetheart.
Okay uh, however...
No, I have faith...
They have parasites?
We're closing.
You brought a carrot.
You're welcome.
Uh, uh, uh, I am here.
You have a son?
Uh-oh, tunnel.
...from the syphilis.
Oh, all right, fine, fine, fine.
Uh-oh, busted!
Hey! I missed you.
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
Ahh, ahh, excuse me.
It's not Rick.
Morning's here! The morning's here!
Lights. Uh, romantic lights.
It's me, Carl.
Here's my binoculars.
It is Judy.
He painted that.
Rach! Come on! Rach!
Don't spoil it.
I'll join you.
OH.....MY.....GAWD!!
OH...MY...GAWD!!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Oh, that's attractive.
Is that supportive?
You're dying?!
Oh, you forgot?
Well, in a nutshell. . .
We're baack!
What about Benitez?
You too sweethart!
Yeah! Punch him! Punch him!
Oh! Okay! Phew!
Yes! Yes! You did!
Y'know it's ironic...
One-Mississippi! Two-Mississippi! Three-Mississippi!
Well that's ambitious.
To the Bings!
You have pets!
It's the Gellers!
...the lullabye of...
You're strict.
And the spitting?
You okay, kiddo?
Daryl Hannah.
Poco... a leetle.
Bona sera.
Ciao, bela.
Dr. Geller!
What? Oh!
Ms. Waltham?
Yeah, okay.
Okay, yeah!
Hi, Joey.
Hi, Joey.
Hi Joey.
All right!!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Very nice. Very nice.
Diet Coke.
Monica! Chandler!
Eight months.
Get out.
Get out!
God! Ross!
Wow! Thanks!
That's it.
October 25th.
Bodington's! Woohoo!
I'm Megan Bailey.
She's there?!
Well okay!
She's here.
Hi, Ross.
Hi, Ross.
Hi Ross.
Bye dad.
Brooklyn Heights.
Yeah, well..
Well yeah!!
Aaahhhh. AAAAHHHHHH.
Hi Chandler!
Hi Chandler!
No, I'm not.
No I'm not.
Hey. I was...
Oh I know!!
Good one.
Mm-hmmm
Yes! Phoebe.
Who's they?
Hi, Monica.
Hi. I'm Monica.
Hi Monica.
Ameri-ccan.
Y'know what?
Yes, I am.
Yes I am.
Us too.
I saw Richard.
Now go!
Animal Control.
Mr. Geller.
Mrs. Geller?
Very bad!
I'll go.
Thanks Phoebe!
Thanks a lot.
Kidney stones!
G'bye, everybody.
I'm right here!!!!
Yeah, I know, I.
Phoebe, listen...
Spring vacation.
Hi Rachel!
Hi Rachel.
Hi Rachel!
Hi Rachel!
Hi Rachel.
Not me.
Rough numbers?
Candy Lady?
Right! Okay.
Yep, sucks!
Hello everybody!
What's that?
Mar-gha.
Woooo hoooo!!!
Jingle bells, jingle bells...
A real doctor?
Yeah! Right!
Yeah, right.
Yeah! Right!
Anything else?
Yes I did.
Earl Grey?
Phoebe. Hi.
Hi Phoebe.
Hi Phoebe.
Phoebe! Phoebe! Hi! Hi!
Hi Phoebe.
Cut! Wonderful!
Thats unbelievable.
Oh, my.
Oh my!
C'mere, Patti.
C'mere, Patti.
A moustache comb.
I dropped a cup.
Hey, Ben! Hey!
Could ya?
Mr. Tribbiani.
Count faster.
My what?
Twenty percent.
Whoa! Ohh!!
Oh! Yeah!
Yeah. Oh.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Mmm hmmm.
Ehhhh... B-Buttons.
Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.
Yeah. What?
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
Happy birthday.
W-w-w-wait! Why?!
I do know.
I like Ross.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Oh no.
Oh, no.
Oh no.
Oh-no.
Oh no!
Oh no! Oh no!
Oh no.
I, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah, excellent.
The what?
I know that.
Bye Phoebe.
Bye Phoebe.
Not really.
Not really.
Ahh, nooo!!
Ross! Wait!
Hello, Rachel.
Three babies?
Like this.
Doesn't matter.
Ohh great.
Rachel stop!
She didn't.
Let go!
Let's go!!
Two years.
Uh, okay.
Bye, Richard.
Pizza delivery.
Pizza delivery!
Ohh, I'm sorry.
Wait a minute!
Hola! Hello. Hello?
Ohh. Hi!
France sucks!
Um, leave.
Hey what?
Professor Geller?
Professor Geller?
Professor Geller!
Professor Geller?
Now I do.
Not her.
Uh, yes.
Fair enough.
Hello, Chandler.
Oh-oh, Phoebe!
That's me.
I sure did!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Come on.
Come on.
Come on!
COME ON!!!!
Come on.
Yeah, really.
I did not!
Guess who?
Take care.
Take care.
Also Monday.
Which guy?
Oh!... Right!
For what?
Hey Ross!
Hey Ross!
I heard ya.
They don't?
Goodbye Geller.
Goodbye Geller.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Hello Joey.
Joey, right?
It's me.
It's me!
Right, and...
I wasn't invited.
That's okay.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Mon-Monica?
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?!
Why not?
Hi! Hello!
See ya.
See ya.
Knick fan?
Nice car!
Uhh-huh.
Fine, whatever.
Chandler's a girl!
Hi, honey.
Hi honey.
Hi honey.
Bye guys.
Tag Jones.
Sooo!! Anyway...
Any luck?
Uh-huh.
Uh huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh!
Here I am!
Also large?
No! I did!
Christmas eve.
Hey! Hi!
Hi! Hey!
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
It's okay...
Its Jake.
Ross of.....
Come in.
For Chandler!
Hey, Joey.
Hey Joey.
Hey Joey!
Good-bye.
Good. Bye!
Joey? Joey Tribbiani?
Hello, Ross?
I can't say.
Like what?
Like what?
We did?
Sit down.
Except stilts.
No! Why?
No. Why?
Bye Ross.
Well I'm sorry.
Red Barbra?
What'd I get?
Uh sure.
Nice shot.
Hey, Chandler.
Hey, Chandler!
Hey Chandler.
Hey Chandler?
Uh-oh...
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh!
Nice hat.
No, Joey!
I had a sister.
No, I'm sorry.
But Phoebe...
Cantaloupe juice.
Who's next?
Hey, Monica!
That's all!
Yeah, yeah, maybe.
Oh! Oh, God!
About what?
Woo-hooooo!!!!
Ahh, yes.
That's right.
That's right.
Baby. Ross.
I'm so sorry!
Oh, really.
Oh really?
Oh, really?
Oh really?
Ohhh, man!!
Yeah! That's right. Yeah-yeah! Yeah!
Hey guy!
Hey guy!
Congratulations! Congrats!
Life partner.
I hate actors.
She what?!
Really. What?
Hey, Rachel.
Hey! Rachel!
Hey Rachel!
Hey Rachel!
Hey Rachel.
Hey Rachel!
Can't wait.
Can't wait!
I gotta go.
I gotta go.
Where's Buddy?
Okay, then.
No I didn't.
It was.
What's up?
What's up?
Good deal.
He does?
$4.50 please.
Hi Ben!
Hey, Phoebe.
Hey Phoebe.
Hard quality.
Hello, sweetheart.
Which one?
Which one?
He's... new.
I live upstate.
Thanks daddy.
Yeah! Yes!
Looks good.
Yeah. Yeah. A little.
Keep singing! Keep singing!
I wish I could.
Tell me.
What one?
Yeah, OK.
Yeah, OK.
Ok, yeah.
One second.
Umm, no.
Umm, no.
I like it.
Good morning!
Good morning.
Good morning.
Dr. Oberman.
Hey! Hey, Bananaman!
Maybe in L.A?
Oh, Ross!
Me too.
Me too.
Me too!
Me too.
Me too.
Me too.
Sure I do.
Chandler Bing?
Um, I'm not.
Isn't there?
Oh, good.
Oh good.
Oh good.
Thanks a million.
Huh. Yeah?
Flexible hours.
Oh, god.
Oh God!
Oh God.
What?! Why?!
What?! Why?
So am I!
So am I!
We should?
No way!
No way!
Ha! Ahhhhhhh!
Pizza guy!
Scene 5, take 1.
Scene 5, take 2.
Well, people!
Oh, hi.
Oh, hi.
Oh hi!
Yeah, yeah. Why?
Very busy.
Oh Joey!
Well,... thanks.
Well thanks.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, sorry!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Just us.
Ugh. Ross!
Neither am I.
Good luck!
Good luck!
Good luck.
Sorry, what?
Yes sir.
We will.
I'm gonna try.
Hello all!
Oh great!
Oh great!
Sure. Okay.
Over a month.
Phoebe Buffay?!
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
Got 'em.
No thanks.
No thanks.
No thanks.
No, please.
Hey guys! Hey!
Hello darling.
Hi, Julie!
I'm already here.
Hey, Pheebs.
Hey, Pheebs.
Hey Pheebs!
Yeah, thanks.
Susan! Hi!
Just ah...
I'm, I'm still me.
A little what?
Monica! What...
Hi Frank.
Not bad.
Ready, Annabelle?
I got it.
I got it!
Got it!
M-Me again?
Hey, hey Ross.
Definitely her.
Have fun.
Hey, Rach!
Call me.
Call me.
Sorry Phoebs.
I like Ben.
I know. I know! I'm a duplex.
Hey Mon.
This does.
Hi, I'm Joshua.
Hi Ralph.
You okay?
Okay, bye!!
Okay. Bye.
I guess so.
I'm all done.
Huh? What?
No. You?
That's great!
That's great.
Oh man!!
Hi, Lauren.
Uhh, I can't.
C'mon in.
Shut up!
Shut up!
Hello Tilly.
Hey, everybody!
Any progress?
Melt stuff.
Um, cheers.
Thank goodness.
I'm a little embarrassed.
Uh, ow.
Yeah! C'mon!
Hey, you.
You do?
Do you?
Do you?
Do you?
You have?
Sure. What?
Your turn.
I am Julio.
I-I am Kristen.
Good choice.
Hello Skidmark.
What people?
Stay well.
Oh. Thanks.
Oh, thanks.
Oh. Thanks.
Oh, thanks.
Oh please!
My job!
Good evening.
Of course.
Of course!
Ohh. Ouch.
Ross, sweetheart!
You can't.
January first.
Monica bang!
Monica bang!
Monica bang!
No problem.
Hi, Alan.
Hi, Kate!
You are!
You are!
You are!
You are!
You are!
You are!
You are?
Are you?!
I-I do though.
Hang on.
Hang on.
Hello darlings.
Yeah, leave!
An advance?
Uhh, yeah.
I'm sorry Rachel, I'm sorry...
Ahhhh! I'm sorry!
Very, very bad.
Hi, pig!
Your son.
Sign here.
Oh, alright.
Excuse me?
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Hey, Joe.
It's us.
Hi Kim.
Hi Kim.
Wow! Skates!
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
July. Umm,
He's sleeping.
Very tasteful.
Hi darling.
I'm moving in.
That's fine.
No kidding.
Hi, I'm Karen.
It's Allesandro, from Allesandro's.
Hi-hi Joey.
What woman?!
Kiss me!
Boutros Boutros Gali.
Hey, buddy.
Yeah, whatever.
Really?! You?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Absolutely, yeah!
I just hope...
You think?
Ross? Ross! Wake up! Ross! Ross! Ross!! Ross!!! Ross!!!!
Let's reset.
Uh, plate?
Hola, Joey!
Joey, onstage!
Really? I'm a hero.
Hi, I'm Sandy.
Hi, Phoe.
Hi, I'm Maria.
Hey Pete.
Yeah! Yep.
No, Frank.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Eight! Easy eight.
You did!
Yeah. Frank.
I'm afraid so.
Charlotte who?
Noo! NO!
Auntie Monica!!
Joey, bravo!
Whaddyou want?
It isn't.
Hi, I'm Lisa.
Okay, Santa!
Chicken? Chicken boy!
Your license?
I'd rather not.
What's different?
Not.... helping!
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Whaddyou mean?
I missed this.
My husband.
That's weird.
And cut!
Wasn't it?
Hey pal.
Hey Danny.
Me neither.
I'll survive.
Hey-hey-hey Joey!
Hangs up.
You didn't!
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Awww!
You too.
You too.
You too.
You too.
You OK?
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait-wait!
Here Mitzi! Here Mitzi!
