All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Yeah, get out! Now!
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Can't wait.
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Hey! It's Porsche!!
Hey!
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Ready?
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
Enough!
Lean-lean-lean!
Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
This is so great.
You wanna explain that?
Where are they?
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
Yeah, I don't know.
What's the matter?
Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Nono, she's gone.
We checked. A lot.
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Thank you.
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
where were you standing?
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, Ive got to go. Ive got Lamaze class.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
What?!
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Oh, honey.
What do you mean?
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Bye.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Hey!
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
No.
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Hang up, hang up.
Is anybody else scared?
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
What?
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Hard to tell, I was naked.
Yeah? That's so nice!
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has!
Oh please! You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Hi.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
And a glass of tepid water.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Yes.
Yeah, Susan.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Dude, Phoebe's mom has got a huge peni...
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Very nice touch.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
That's what I said.
Well so?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Wow.
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
So! He'll understand!
God, you are so strong.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
Not really.
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Oh! Ok, um, ok, um,
Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Hey everyone!
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
Well, here's your phone doctor.
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
It is so good to see you!
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
What's going on?
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
She wants to meet you in person.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Okay, I'll do it!
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
No.
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Ugh, what's right with them?
Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
I never had a bike of my own.
What?!
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Oh I just miss him so much!
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
I know it is the best.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Hey, you guys!
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.
Whoa! Big octopus.
Hey, what kind of work do you do?
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Hey, Pheebs.
What bank is this?
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
What?!
All right. All right.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.
What?
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Ssshh.
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
Okay, Widow!
...the lullabye of...
All right. I'll get my bag.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
So, um, have you told your parents?
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
I love you Phoebe.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
There you go!
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
What?
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
So, did you pick one yet?
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
Y'know, you're right. Thank you.
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
I'm telling it! I'm telling it!
Okay.
A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Uh-huh.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
You shouldn't.
Who gets whom. I don't know why I do that.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
My parents will be so happy.
Hey. I was...
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
And you don't a little good about donating the money?
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
Oh!
That is so cool.
Yeah! Yeah, we can!
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
I thought it was toner.
Really?!
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Okay.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Hangs up.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Hi!
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Hey.
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
What?! Why?
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
Hey!
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Phoebe! You can't do th...
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Okay, I'll do it!
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Well, so why not go knock?
Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
Well relax, he'll be here.
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Rach?
I'll be out in a second.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Oh, thanks.
What are you doing?
Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don't know what this means to us! Oh!
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
What's 1922?
Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
And what did he say?
Wow.
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
Ye-e-es!!
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Be cool! Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
What?!
Also Monday.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Because you're marrying him!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
No-no-no! It's mine! It's-it's mine.
Dude, you soooo need this car.
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Really?! Are you sure?
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
Really?!
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
I'm just saying, this woman, I mean she's fictitious. No?
Why would you say that?
You're good. You're good!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't do that.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Wait!
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Oh!
Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Do you?
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me!
How is it you?
Yep, that's my audition.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
Definitely.
Actually, giving birth to three babies isn't that different from giving birth to one.
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.
Ahh that's the 2 points.
Oh, I don't know about that.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
Oh, she's gonna love that!
I don't have anything.
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Morning.
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Why can't you use the phone in here?
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Because she's your lobster.
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Hey, you feelin' better?
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Oh, ah with who?
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I got no sleep last night!
Why?
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Some moms do that.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Ross, how many parents have you lost?
None.
I'm sorry.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Yeah, sure.
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
Everybody knows!
Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Maybe he's. . . gay.
Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
All right.
So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Why, do you write him a lot?
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Really?!
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Um. yeah.
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Say what?
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.
On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
Ahh.
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Go for it.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
Hi!
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Hey.
Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
And what are you going to do for him?
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Do you want a refill?
No, I'm alright, thanks.
I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Phoebe!
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
That was so lame.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Yeah! Right!
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
What?
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Okay. Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, then you learn here.
Umm, okay.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
This is my favorite part.
Yeah me too.
Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
How do you feel?
Yeah, but I bet it works.
You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
Are you the cutest?
I'm afraid I might just be.
Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her.
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
Ah, the other Jack.
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
All right, look at my on the back page.
Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
I don't think there's anything.
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Hi!
I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
Yeah!
Well, why would she lie to you?
Ohh!!
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Sweety...
Hey Duck, is Chick here?
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
I can't believe you caved.
What?
I am. Let me just get my coat.
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
You really think it would be that different?
Well, things change.
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
They make you take an oath?
Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
You can't sit here if you're not gonna play.
Ooh-ho-ho!
14.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Yes!
Peanut butter!
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
OK, hi again.
Hi Phoebe.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
What?
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Hey Mon!
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Honey, you've got to go. What's his office number?
Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Yes!!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
They're brother and sister!!!
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
Uhh, yeah.
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Yeah, I've been around.
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Great! Problem solved!
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Shut up, I'm happy.
Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
No, I'm sorry.
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
14.
Hit me!
Stop it!
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Oh hey!
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
What is it?
It's Hexadrin.
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
You were with Kenny today, weren't you?
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
Hey!
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Nothing.
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
Hey!
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
You can spill. In the sink.
I love you, too.
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Oh my God!
Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Oh, ew!
What?
What, wait, you mean like this?
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Hey!!
Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
Yeah? What about ah, that bike messenger you hit?
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Well why didn't you take the job?
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Ohh.
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
That is so unfair!
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Like what?
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
I don't know.
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
Yeah but Phoebe...
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Well, h-how is this like that?
I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Left.
Damnit!
Looking up?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.
Hi, Pheebs.
Bye, Pheebs.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Actually, it looks really good.
Get in here!!!
Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
Y'know, I never saw that.
Ooh, it was only okay.
Hi!
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
I'll never forget you.
Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
What have I not told you?
What!
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Hey!
How are you?
You got to go on a ride along?!
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Is anybody else scared?
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
Some moms do that.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Great!
Oh-oh, what about Ross?
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
OK, that's my tattoo.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Then, I don't get it.
They do?
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Oh, great. This is just...
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
Ok, Phoebe.
Such as?
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
Yes, yes I was.
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Hello!
Hey, what's that?
Eeeee--ohh!! God!
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Yes!
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Hey. Oh thanks for the great movie tip.
Did you like it?
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.
Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.
Yeah. You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! See?
Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
You do?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I'm not my sisters, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, its true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, weve grown apart, so, um... I dont know, why not? Okay.
Why? Why would you wanna... do that? Why?
So that if we went out on a date, shed be there.
Cool, thanks.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Hello.
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
What are these, stitches?
Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
OK.

Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Thank you.
Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.
Do you?
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
U-N-I-sexy?
Hi sweetie!
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
I'm not asking!
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
You're actually going through with this?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Really?!
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Hey what?
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Excellent!
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Every night!!
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Hi Frank.
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Eeeee--ohh!! God!
Argh-argh!! Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant.
Phoebe, listen...
You lost 13 million dollars.
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Kick save and... denied.
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Oh we can't, we already have plans.
What are you doing?
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Yes. Not out loud.
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
No-no-no-no-no.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
For Ross.
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
After what I did? Can you blame her?
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Uh, ow.
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.

He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
Your eyes are very pretty.
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break!
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Well, what period is it from?
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
Hi!
Well, what-what 'cha got there?
Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Yes.
Well, how did you find out?
So what're you gonna do?
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Good.
Oh, thank God.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
That's the day you're gonna die? See-darnit, I've got shuffleboard that day.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
God that is good TV.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
No.
So uh, how you doin'?
Hey there you are!
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Hi!
What's the matter?
Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
I wish all guys could be like him.
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
And all these people actually died?
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
It was unbelievable!
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Oh, it ended very well.
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Hey!
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
All right.
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
What is it doing here?
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
Oh please, somebody tell me I don't have to go to work today!
What's the matter?
So do them for free.
Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean." Or, y'know, "Hey, Joey, you're gay."
Oh no, Ross doesn't know anything.
Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!
What?!
Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. Looks like I was second to last.
This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Hmmm... this is so nice.
Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
There's more beer, right?
Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Your mother told you this?
She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn't heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look ! Isn't this what he would look like now?
Really?!
Oh well, where is he?!
Totally familiar.
Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
To pay for the gym.
Hey.
What?!
Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
What?!
What?!
Phoebe, Phoebe relax, it's okay. I mean we never said this was exclusive.
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
No, 'cause he's yummy.
Yes. But all the other ones.
Anybody want a croan.
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Huh.
What did you tell them?
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Hey! So I'm back.
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
You're dying?!
Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
Okay, that's enough honey!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Central... Park!
Yeah, all of us! All day!
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Who are you saying "check" too?
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Hey!
Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Oh, thanks Gunther. STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!
Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Pheebs, I don't think anyone's mad about that.
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!
What, what, what?!
You really think that is what he meant?
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
Is there blood coming out of my ears?
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.
What? Me having a job?
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
Really?
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Oh.
Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.
What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.
Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Yay!
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Good for you!
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
Ross, I know what you're thinking.
What?
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
Oh wait, one sec. One sec. Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, which was never!
Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!
Oh that's great!
Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat!
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
I guess it was kinda funny.
It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Ahh-hahaha!
Ha!
Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four...
Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Um... hi there.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Have you seen your guy's body?
No, our guy is just a floating head.
You're not supposed to look!
Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and... Okay so Jason is sensitive, but now so's Vince Plus, Vince has the body y'know? So... It's really just about the math.
Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
So then, are you going to dump Jason?
Jason?
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Aaawwwwww!!
What happened?
Hey, Joey. What's going on?
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
Alrighty. From the top.
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
Sure.
But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.
I'm, I'm still me.
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Oh my god!!
Hey!
Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
Yeah.
Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.
Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.
Hey.
Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog?
Good.
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Oh!
It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
Well, h-how is this like that?
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Oh yeah, it'll be fun.
What was that?
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
Okay Phoebe, I guess you're next although I really don't see the point.
Yeah.
And she's back in the game.
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Oh, just ask him!
Me?!
No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel?
Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
I had the same dream!
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
Hey!
Hello! Hello!
Maybe that's because soy-burgers suck!
Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Honey that sounds like fun.
Oh well, okay, hey, y'know how when you're umm, you're walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that's nice?"
Ooh! Hi!
Hi! So, how did it go at the doctors?
Yes.
Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. Not you Joey.
Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
Yeah, hero sandwiches.
Would you like some more coffee, baby-doll?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Um, do you wanna sit?
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
You're saying, my wife is in you?
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Who?
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Who?
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Really?
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Are you kidding?!
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Really?
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Are you kidding?!
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Oh my God.
I know.
Pretty uhm, different huh?
Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Sorry, Pheebs.
Yeah. You okay?
Yeah.
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Okay, don't panic. I'm gonna go to the store, I'm gonna get you another set of nails, no one's gonna know, and you're gonna look great. Oh! Oh, it's 'cause they're gonna eat-that's the problem.
Oh, no, I meant that it's weird that you only have nine now.
Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put... Oh my God! It's in the quiche! Oh My God!
Honey, don't bite your nails.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
What did you say to him?
Could everyone please take their seats?
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
All right.
Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh!
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's okay, these things happen.
I'm, I'm okay. See.
Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.
Do I? Thank you, so do you.
Thanks.
You always said I'd make it.
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
All right. Hold on. I got it. Nickel! How much more do we need?
A couple of bucks.
Wow!
Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this.
So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
Uh, the guy was Lou Gehrig. Didn't you kinda see it coming?
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Ross?!
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Yeah!
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
So, how was the party?
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?
But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
I think that's gum.
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Oh my God!
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. Oh yeah. Okay. What do you think, too much?
A tad.
Where's the 1920s princess cut ring.
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
I know!
Not at these prices.
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone's eye out!
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.
Well look no further, this one's yours! Ahhh.
Is this the one that I threw out last year?
Oh honey, is that 'cause your Mom died around Christmas?
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.
You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Well, so why not go knock?
That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Men are such idiots.
Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Yeah, let-let-let's pretend that's not true.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Nope, not knocked up yet.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
Hi, I'm Karen.
I wanna quit the bank!
Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Well I'm jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
Well all right so, it looks like we're even!
Okay, here's your milk. What do you want to talk about?
Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!
Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
Oh yes.
I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.
Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
Ok.
Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
I don't believe they're brother and sister.
They're brother and sister!!!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
Uh, honey, yeah that was with Carol.
I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.
Richard's living room, drinking wine.
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
Fancy soap? I thought we were savin' that for the Pope!
See he's nice. Right?
Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?
I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
Really?
Yes.
Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'
Yeah.
This is huge, you can buy me beer.
I gotta friend named Mark.
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep.
Good luck, honey!
I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that.
Ok.
Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
Taxi.
Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! No, no, you don't want that one. No, you can have this cool brown one.
It's-it's-it's almost dead!
Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
Arrrghh!!
Oh no, now it's not gonna make any sense!
Oh, this is horrible, it's just horrible.
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Hey!
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Yeah, all right.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
I am not!
Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!
No Phoebe I am mad!
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Yeah, alright.
Alright. Phoebe?
Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
Oh we do, but not just yet.
Really?! Well, when?
Wow.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
She's still with you?
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
I was thinkin' about it.
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
You didn't break up with that fireman?
Wow!
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Okay, I think I got it.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Multiple orgasms!
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Where did you get that?
Phoebe?
All right, I'm gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it.
Ohh!!
Yes!
Okay, all right.
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
Yeah! In... really long hour world.
What?
Wow! I had no idea! But you know, I could always find another masseuse.
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.
Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Not really.
Wait. You're right. I know you're right. And, thanks for being so nice. Here
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
What?! Excuse me!
Oh hi!
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Good luck!
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
For 99 cents, I'd eat you. Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! Oh! Look! Hi!
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
Oh my God.
Thank you. Okay, go! Go! Go! Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.
Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
What one?
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
Damn! I am good at Cups!
I'm not talking to her!
Well, maybe you're right-She made fun of my phone pen!
Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. I'm so drunk.
Oh yeah!
No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
So, what do you think we should do?
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Yeah, I wouldn't know about that.
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Hey!
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Ok, welcome to the fu-oh.
Phoebe.
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
It worked!
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Hey!
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop.
So am I!
Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Ow! Ow!
Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
I promise.
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
I don't know! I don't remember!
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Dude! That's my sister!
Give me that!
No! I am not a pervert! Okay? It's just... I just... Kinda...
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
Yes.
Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Oh!!
That's pretty much it.
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
She was?
Well, she graduated from high school!
Fine!
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
So what're you going to do?
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Um... hi there.
Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?
Yeah, yes it is, I was just moistening the tip.
What about my friend Victor?
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
It does not!
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Absolutely! Absolutely!
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Why?! Why not?!
What did you say to him?
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Anybody want a croan.
Don't worry about it already. Things happen.
Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Hey!
Hey.
Fascinating.
Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just...It's just so sad!
I know. I know. Oh God. There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Maybe she never got your message.
Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! Oh. Are you? Are you?!! Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. But for you, yay! Ohh.
Well forget it! It doesn't hurt that baaad!!!!
If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
Hey!
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Hey, Joey, I got you another present.
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Ohh.
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Hey! Look who I found!
Oh, hey guys!
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
Hey.
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
What?
Ssshh.
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Can I help you?
Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
No, I don't.
All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on.
Yeah?
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Great! Thanks.
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Uh-huh.
Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?
I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Hey, I didn't stalk her. I mean
I hate my regular clothes now! Y'know? I look down and-and I know that this isn't gonna be the most special day of my life.
I'm getting married next!!
Yay!
Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn't you start feeling silly?
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
No! No! Look at that! It's a line of ants! They're working as a team!
Phoebe!
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body.
No. Here. There. Ooh, double sixes.
We can't scratch. You know we can't, we'll scar.
No.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Oh God.
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
All right.
Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one's will even notice her.
Awwwww...
Go change! She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
What's-what's going on? Phil's really pissed!
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Hi!
Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
You-you're not wearing a jacket.
Oh man! I did it again!
I gotta get the before shot!
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
You mean like, music?
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
But people that you don't know and will never see again.
Yes, but still. They're people...with eyes.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Pheebs...
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
What time?
What does it say?!
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Excuse me.
Your pants!
Uhh, Pheebs, those are uh, those are Santa pants.
All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Now, how will they know if you're ready?
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
Hey!
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
But I like it here!
You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Great!
I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don't know where his country is.
Hey. I need an atlas! I need an atlas!
Why? Do you have a report due?
Okay, let's start with the free messages outside the UN.
Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
Okay, I'm ready.
Oh, aaaah!
What are you supporting?
That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
Yeah?
I want you to move in with me.
Oh. Oh-oh-okay, I get it.
Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y'know all the things that he's taught you. Like... Or all the things you taught him.
Ennnh.
Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
This will just be my batch.
You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
Yeah, well, don't "Aww Pheebs, that sucks!" me yet.
Where ya going?
Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.
Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.
Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
So you had fun, huh?
No.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
How's the hair?
Can we see her?
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
You got it.
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Wow, you worked in a mine?
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you!
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
We can't find Chandler...-'s vest. We can't find Chandler's vest.
How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Oh!
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Hey, y'know what? I was wrong.
Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
Oh, I'll-I'll come hug you.
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Merry Christmas!
Oh wow! Look at this place!
Oh my God!
Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
Okay.
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
No!
So it's just your mother then.
I don't need any toner.
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
On the touchy.
And that's not against your oath?!
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
I'm sorry.
I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
You don't drink.
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
It's very interesting, Phoebe.
What's this?
This is the coolest house ever!!
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
No-wait-no-no!!!!!!!
Women are mean!!!
Hey.
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Thank you, Happy Holidays.
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
What?
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
What kind of an emergency?
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
What's your point?
PBS telethon.
What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
"Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" Is that too spooky?
Really!
Oh my, would you look at that!
"Hi Rach, are you there? It's me, pick up. Rachel. Rach!"
But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
We've lost visual contact with the suspect.
Okay, now I've really have to go!
I know, but it's my job, sweethart!
No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!
Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!
Oh God, Phoebe!
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
Huuh.
Yeah, I know, I.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Yeah.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Ahh.
His indian name?
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Did that!
Okay. Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.
Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...
Thanks!
Uh-huh.
Phoebe?
Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
Thank you. We both forgive you.
So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it.
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just...be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
You just said it!
Oh Phoebe!
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
But why does it even matter?!
Why does it matter so much to you?!
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
Uh-huh, yeah.
Dying people say the craziest things.
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Okay.
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
Hey, y'know you could always visit him.
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
Thank you. All right.
Oh yes. Yes, yes, I am, uh-hmm.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Yeah baby!
Honey! Dinner's ready!
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Yeah?
What?! No!
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
I'm the student.
Isn't she cute? No!
Oh, we're not together.
Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
Yeah that's the same.
That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
Which one?
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
Monica!
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
Sorry Phoebs.
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
Excuse me ladies. I'm sorry?
I gave him an extremely professional massage!
Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
Yeah. I'm Stephanie.
All of them.
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
So do them for free.
They make you take an oath?
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
But I love swing music!
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
No! Ooh! Oh my god!
The Waltham Residence.
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
You think I should?
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Mr. Bing's office. No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
What?
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
That's not gonna happen. No. Because we have a new deal!
Like what?
Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.
Get him a bone, get a bone. You gotta bone?
Are you kidding me?
Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
I think Saturday-.
What's with him?
Okay!
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Oh, look at the little cat!
What? Ow!
This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
Speech! Speech! Let's hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Pheebs!!
Speech! Come on Monica!
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Rachel, get the book! The book!
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
Fish!
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Well it's not Sean Penn.
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
Phoebe's got another job, right?
Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.
Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. What are you doing?
Well, I was having a conversation.
What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
All right. All right.
Really? I don't...
So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet?
Well, then it's not on the wall yet.
Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh?
Oh, I love museums!
Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, you guys, do you know anything about chicks?
Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Oh, well no problem there.
Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
And his puppet too.
Who?
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
Hi.
Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?
What are these, stitches?
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Well, how much do you think he needs?
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Well that would help the pride thing.
Ewww! And "Oh no!" It's-they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
Yeah
You're really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Huh.
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Rachel?
Yeah.
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Why don't we do a trial run.
I'm the supply manager.
Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with!
Yeah! You can hook it up to your TV and you get radio!
My chair heels itself.
Hey guy!
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
You're welcome.
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Oh, is he hungry already?
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
No kind. He just makes it up.
So how's it going with you guys?
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
No, no, that's the ghost for the attic.
I don't want a ghost.
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
What?!
Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?
Yeah.
Oh, ah with who?
Oh, so this is all about money! Y'know it's bad enough that-Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
You lost 13 million dollars.
Are you all right?
Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
Joey! He's working! You would look good in that.
Oh, how bad is it?
How's your room Rach?
No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me.
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Sorry.
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Hey!
Hey!
Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
Interesting.
So I was wondering....
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
Well-But-Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back.
Oh right, like they're gonna let me have a passport.
Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
I can give it a shot.
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Really?
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .
What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Hang up, hang up.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
What?!
Phoebe that's crazy!
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
Hi Phoebe.
Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Ugh, I hate this year!
What's wrong with this year?
That was me and Ross.
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Okay Phoebe, we can not tell anyone about this.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Huh. That's nice.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
What?!
Ohh, this cake is really good!
Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...
Hey.
Hey. What, what are you doing here?
Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
What?
It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
All right. But umm, I-I-I'll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Uh, I am, uh, being naked?
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie...
Again, it's not that he...
You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
What?!
Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
What?! Why?
And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross.
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Ooh.
Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
Oh, I got it.
Whoa, you are very beautiful.
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
What are we supposed to be seeing here?
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Then don't do that, alright?
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
No. Why?
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
I promise.
Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Yeah.
That's true!
That's true!
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Uh, no!!
I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
So umm, where are the other guys?
No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
This is so cool, 'til Monica gets back, it's like I'm head chef and I get to make all the decisions.
Yes!!
Yes! She's very excited about that.
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
What?!
Umm, well he's very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn't speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
Hold on.
So Pheebs what's this guy like?
'Kay, here you go.
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
I miss Rose.
Oh, yeah?
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Huh.
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
I don't have any issues with my Father.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Hey, Pheebs!
What are you reading?
I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
No-no, that's not, that's not me Phoebe, that's her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. Best Friends Forever.
Y'know what that means?
That you're actually 50?
Oh!
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.
See? I'm doing it. I am totally doing it. I lost it.
What is it hon?
Aww, honey I'm sorry.
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Oh my God, are you out of a job?
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Uh-huh.
No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
Hey! Maybe you'll die!
Sure, now I'm scared.
Yeah, but I don't wanna die!
"Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease..." Darn it! Now, I don't know who to get to the next verse.
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Who's Elaine?
Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease... BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. So I guess she won't be totally alone.
Oh my God!
What?
Oh my God!
I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
Bye!
Later!
Wow umm, calm down.
And y'know, even if they break up again, you'd better not let him in your sad men's club!
Oh. Y'know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
Yeah, were better off without them.
Divorced men's club.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
Enh. Sure!
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Okay.
Oh, what's at 8:00?
Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.
Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.

Oh my God.
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
OK, who is the boss of you?!!
You?
How ya doin'?
Why don't take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I'll hold onto your card, okay?
Oh wow! This is so cool.
Have we talked about the possibility of multiple births?
No, I'm getting three separate heartbeats.
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Yes, yes I was.
It really says that?!
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Well, y'know I'm wearing layers and it's warm.
Yeah-yeah.
Did you hear that?! I don't need you guys to care about me! Because the universe cares! The whole universe! I really wished they'd care just a little bit though.
Ohh, I'm getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y'know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table.
Give it here. Oh, God.
Okay.
Or a job where you don't have to carry a table.
Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Pheebs! Sorry!
Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Well then I think that's it.
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
Then you are neither of your parents!
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! Come on! Rachel?
Hi.
Hi. Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
Yeah?
No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
Hm-mm.
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. That's okay, do you wanna get back together? Yeah, okay. Did anyone else hear that?!
Wait, I'm not just gonna drink somebody's old coffee.
Okay, your highness.
Is he here?
What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married? No, yeah, I should.
No!
Phoebe...
Hey Joey.
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Hey!
Hey!
Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
All right, I'm gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Oh my God! I can't believe you guys are actually think you're moving in here!
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Her date tipped me ten dollars.
Pheebs, what are you doing?
Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Well, but Pheebs.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
I love you too.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
That's what you think.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
What was her name?
Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. Here we go, double sixes, here we go... Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
That you don't stop talking about it.
Fine.
What're you doing? Are you scratching?
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong.
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
Ahh!
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Well, back to square one.
Yes!
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Oh, we just...
Surprise!
Did you see Betty?
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
Sure.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Aghh.
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....
Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Oh, you're not a dingus.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Well thanks.
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks.
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
Phoebe, y'know why don't we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
Hey. Oh, poor Pheebs.
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
Phoebe!
Why is this car in my bedroom?
When did I sign for it?
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
Okay.
So I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
Noo! No! It wasn't like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Umm, a flea market?
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Ohh, yes.
Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
Thank you, buddy.
You could do that!
Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Wh-what do we do?
I don't know!
I know! What?!
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
All righty. I'll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
You mean like watch?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Can we see her?
Yeah.
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Who is this?
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
No.
With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
Charlotte who?
Alright, you wanna feel better?
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Thank you.
Sure.
Oh my God. Did you talk to him?
Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
No, I wanna melt it.
Yeah!
No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Oh hey, Pheebs!
Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!
Feel better now?
Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that's one for you.
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
His new girlfriend!
Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Yeah, yeah!
Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Oh my God!
Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
Yeah, my uncle Sal has a really big tongue.
Is he the one with the beautiful wife?
Ok.
Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Why would we do that?
Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
Come on baby, come on!
Very nice touch.
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
Well, at least you scared someone.
Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
What?!
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
I'm sorry. If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Oh! That's fine.
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Aww, I don't want to see that!
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Like she's really mean, and she's over critical, and-and-No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Like what?
Okay.
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
Oh yeah, you're solid. Yeah, you're just no me.
Y'know what? I think that's enough for now. Yeah. I don't want to be over rehearsed.
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Hey!
Oh.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
That's not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.
What?
Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?
Yeah.
Alright. If you guys don't want it to be special, fine. You can throw any kind of party you want.
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Hey!
Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!
Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....
C'mon. Let her. Yeah.
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
OK, let's do it. What?
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
I know, it's great!
Aww, I don't want to see that!
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Mon... Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
Thanks! So are you.
I told you I should not wear this color.
So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Yeah, I locked him years ago!
Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Oh, seriously?
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
We dare.
Aaahhhh. AAAAHHHHHH.
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
You wanna do it right now?
Great!
No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
Is that a problem?
No.
Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Oh.
Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.
All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!
I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.
All right, I'll try not to.
I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this...this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Yes.
How?
Couldn't it just be a coincidence?
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
Hey!
Dude! What are yo-you trying to kill me?!
Okay but if you don't find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass!
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Okay.
I will, I will find him.
Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Wh-what do you mean?
Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!
'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
Chicken. Which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian.
Why aren't you at home in bed?
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Oh, wait a minute honey.
Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
So you watched the movies huh?
Charlotte who?
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Really?
Oh, do you not want to?
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
And that'll get rid of my wisdom?
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Yes!
Pheebs, that's great!
I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Yeah. See?
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.
She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!
What?!
Aww Pheebs, that sucks!
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.
OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
Well I. . .
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! Sure! Yeah!
Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you're really talented.
So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Hey! Didn't you have that outfit on last night?
Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Bye, Pheebs.
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn't give to be that can of condensed milk.
Rachel?
Yeah?
Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is.
Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
Really!
Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?
Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
Totally.
Phoebe are you serious?
Phoebe, I mean, you do know he's married?
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
He just got a divorce right?
Hmm-mmm.
Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
Sure, sweepin'. You never know.
You never know.
Ok, Phoebe.
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
I promise.
All right, that's it, I quit.
Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Hey guys!
No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
No!
Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
What's the second part of your plan?
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
Yeah, okay, Scott!
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
Oo, I can't watch this, it's like Sophie's Choice.
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Pirates again?
Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
Thanks.
I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
And all these people actually died?
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
And I would have to say pah-huh.
All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
Let's run towards them!
OK!
Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
This is great!
What's the game?! What's the game?!
They're green?
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Oh yeah.
How long you been waitin' to say that?
Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.
Well then, what about you?! Huh?!
I'm the ring bearer.
Oh my God, who died on this?!
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Why don't you just get a roommate?
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Might wanna open with the snowman.
Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.
No, I don't know him.
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
What?
Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still.
Well maybe he's just taking a nap.
I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.
I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.

I'm done now.
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Oo! You should have one of us do it!
Phoebe, we're getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
Are you serious?
This used to be your room? Wow! You must've been in really good shape as a kid.
Hey!
Hi.
Ohh, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I actually thought she could change.
If you would've let me finish, it goes on to say that he's probably not gay.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Phoebe!
Sure, you guys don't have this problem, you're made of wood. Hey!
Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Oh, you two must have been so cute running around on a barge.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
Yeah, umm, no honey.
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
Ohh. Ouch.
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Yeah, okay.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
How have you never been on Oprah?
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
OK.
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Still in love with?!
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
What?!
Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
No! Oh! You're alive! You're alive!
See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn't I?
Sure, we have no money, go ahead.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Oh, sweetie, oh.
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
What?
Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
You wanna try it again?
Yeah. From the top?
Ok.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
It was just a kiss.
Thunder being stolen!!
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
London is stupid! Stupid!
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
I'll do it!
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again.
You see this, this is a friend.
Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
I live upstate.
Yeah, so did I.
Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
You don't have to do that, Ross and Joey aren't here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Who cares? He works in a museum!
Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Thanks.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Why wasn't I offered that? I'd definitely pay more for that.
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet.
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross's wedding.
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Does anybody know me?!
What's wrong Phoebe?
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.
Oh, oh, good.
Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
What?
I'm not Jewish, so...
Bad dream?
Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
Ha! Ahhhhhhh!
Ahhhhh!
Oh my God! Phoebe look, it's Ross and that girl.
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
It's Monica's bed. What?
Okay. It's a racecar.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Good one! Yeah.
This is terrible. What am I going to do?
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Okay. Good, all right, let's get back in the car, 'cause it's freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
Yeah.
I can.
Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.
OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.
Look, I. . .
Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.
Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
Hey!
Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
What?!
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Oh, wow.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?
Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
What are you talking about?
I can't belive it.
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
What?!
No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
But Phoebe...
Oh, I-I-I understand all that, but it's just-that was my puppy.
Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there right now?!
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
I think it means he freaked out and left!
Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you.
You look good.
Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
You don't have the guts.
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Tony?
Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Does anybody want anything else?
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! Hey, widow?
You didn't get the money, did you?
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
Come on along and listen to...
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
leave...
Wait, I-I just said "leave."
Phoebe, come on that's silly.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
Because I think it means more to you.
But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
No, I was ten. I just developed early.
That's the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?
Wow, that's close. When's yours?
October 25th.
Melt stuff.
Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can...
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
What?! Ow!
Beep!
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Why don't you just go out with her!
Awesome!
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Oh hey! How was your audition?
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
You guys, I'm sorry, could you please talk a little slower?
This is going in your book?
What?! Excuse me!
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
Well, people are different.
Oh God, I'm so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
I finally got my band!
We're gonna have a big family, I've always wanted a big family!
Why would we be freaked?
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
No! No!
No, no?
W-w-w-wait! Why?!
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
Ross? Let's go.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Oh.
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
His indian name?
Freakish.
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Suck-fest.
Toootal chick-flick.
Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
How's Monica coming along with her vows?
I can't believe in four weeks they're gonna be married!
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
What?
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Another good point.
Huh?
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?
Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
Phoe-be!!
I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
Oh-oh, what about Ross?
Hey!
All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
Could everyone please take their seats?
Okay.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. Oh yeah. Okay. What do you think, too much?
Oh, we have some...
No you don't!
A tad.
Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man!
Oh, hi Ross!
What are you doing?
See ya Phoebe! Oh and hey, thanks for chipping in!
Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Why?
Because he's stealing from me!
Ughh!
Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
And then he did.
Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
No, women are welcome to play.
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
What?!
Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good.
Give it.
No.
Oh God help me.
...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy...
I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...


Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Excuse me?
Look, I don't know what you're talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
Nu-uh!
I told that guy who answered your phone.
Uh, Phoebe you-you don't have an office.
Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
You're pregnant!
No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Hey! Hi!
Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
But I can't tell you.
Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
I'm sorry, sweetie.
Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
That's a good call. Right.
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Okay, well umm, I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
Hi, Ursula.
Hey!
Right, okay, the one that lives in Montuak, umm-hmm.
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
There's no dog in here.
Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
What is it doing here?
Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
Alright, I can get you out.
What?
I think I need a drink.
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with pox.
Your face could be covered with lochs, I wouldn't care.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Well, people are different.
What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
Oh.
Oh no, I-I'm sorry, I guess we lost track of everybody after high school.
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Hey!
I like waking up with you too. Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. Oh, I can stay here all day.
Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?
I really like waking up with you.
That would be great!
Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Phoebe, tell her!
Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. Where is that other earring?
But I already gave them back to you!
No you didn't.
It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay!
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
What? What?
Hey! Hey, Bananaman!
Hi, did you order some bananas?
Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
No Mon, you want to put them in concentric circles. I want to do this.
Every year.
Halftime.
Wait, am I missing something though? 'Cause I thought death was something that's supposed to be sad, in a way.
Yes!! Yes! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
We were all pretty shaken up about it.
Well ah, Aunt Silvia was, well not a nice person.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Oh, you're so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Ugh!
Pheebs, how's it going?
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
What?!
So, did you do it?
"Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I'll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk." You just wrote this!
Yeah. So how have you been doing?
I, umm, shut up!
Well, it's pretty much the gist. Well, except for the poem. You read the poem, right?
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
You guys are here! Yay!
Hi!
Pancho Vila?
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.
Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
And, we're done with the yogurt.
Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. See, these names are good, and these names are bad. Ohh.
What?
Santa pants. Santa Claus's pants.
Hey!
All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat-This is hard!
Pick me!!
No! Pick me! I don't want to end up an old maid!
This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
Then what's the problem?
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
Hey, what did your agent say?
All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Jack!! Hey!
What are you doing here?
Well, you were fired.
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
We're gonna climb Mt. Everest!
Yeah baby!
Yeah, well...
Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Hey! What are you doing here?
Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Yeah.
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Yeah! Sure! Yep! Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Oh my God!
So you wanna get some dinner?
Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad neighborhood.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
That's not gonna work.
Hey! I didn't know either.
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Fired! Why?
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
No.
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
Joey, you are not! You're 31.
Aww crap!
Y'know what? I-I think that umm, I don't feel like going to The Plaza.
I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
I just-I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
And say nothing?
Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
Yeah. Hate him.
We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.
...No, we hate him.
You could get arrested, right now! All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power.
I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Hey.
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?

...I feel a little sneezy And now I-
No. No, that's- that's okay.
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
You OK?
That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
It's me. It's Phoebe. Listen there's something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings.
Yeah?
Is it the shampoo? It's guava.
Let's go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
No. I've learned my lesson.
Hey Joe did... Did you ever have a threesome?
Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.
What's to know? Buy sell, high low, bears bulls... Yes Manhattan...yeah telephone number of the stock...selling store.
See, didn't I tell ya these pillows would be a good idea?
We love you, we're here for you.
You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
Sure!
He got it a flea market!
Hey!
Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Yeah.
Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
I'm so jealous you're all going! I can't believe I never knew that you can't fly in your third trimester!
Noo.
Don't worry man, I get to bring a guest. We'll show him.
I didn't know that.
Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Ross, you had sex with another woman!
Oh my God.
Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Okay sure!
Really?!
Call it even?
Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
It's uh, it's already been roasted.
Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Actually we're out of the lobster ravioli.
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Hey! Dude, some guy just called for you.
Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. Cool!
Stegosaurus!
Tyrannosaurus!
Where are you going?
I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.
What are you talking about?
Everybody knows!
There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
I don't know.
Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
Ross, you don't have to yell.
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac...
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
It's got 'em!
So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Ughh!
Thank you so much Phoebe.
All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Fine.
Fine,
Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Fine.
Fine,
Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?
Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
We don't need to remedy that.
I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
What the hell is going on?!
We took our apartment back!!
We are switching back, right now!
Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
Ooh.
What?
I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Well, we are great guys.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Honey, I'm sorry.
Ohh, you and your ways. Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
Hey you guys, guess what?
The British are coming?
Ohh.
Umm, wow. This-this isn't gonna be easy. Umm, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
Wow! I didn't know you guys actually used those.
So, what's up?
Uh-huh. G-good deal.
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Okay.
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
Oh, okay.
This is where I get off. Well, I have your address and phone number.
All right, see ya Pheebs.
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. I'm okay.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
I'm sorry, I can't talk. I'm gonna go write in my journal.
Wait-wait-wait! Wait!!
Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don't want to make it savory.
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.
I brought you alphabet soup.
Did you pick out the vowels?
Saltines?
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
What?!
With Ross and Jill?
Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
No. No, that's- that's okay.
That guy's going home with a note!
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
You told me.
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Me too.
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Hello.
I love this friend thing!
Oh.
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Have you guys picked a date yet?
Oh no, not yet.
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.
Rachel.
And you're no friend to those with noses.
Oh Drake.
Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Oh, let's not tell this story.
Oh, come on!
What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!
Rach, look! Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. There he is.
They published my paper.
Oh, really, let me see, let me see.
Hey!
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
What should I wear, now I'm all nervous.
Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
What's going on?
Chandler's gone again!
Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy's hammered!
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
It's gonna be so great.
Hi! What's going on?
But Phoebe...
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
I'll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.
Ohh! A man with a plan!
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
Yeah, okay.
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
That's not gonna work.
Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh.
Were you following me?
So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.
Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
Hey.
Hey.
No.
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! How you doin'?
Here you go.
Good for you!
There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Alright, let me just get my coat.
Is it true they have beer?
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Okay.
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
If you want it to be.
Here's your girlfriend's button.
Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
Stop it. Stop it!
Hi, this is Richard.
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
A thumb?!
Eww!
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Hmm, they just don't make 'em like that anymore!
No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
I don't think so.
All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
I know, I know. Hello.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Not at these prices.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Oh, put him on!
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
Nice!
That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It's Phoebe again.
Why?!
Joey there's a girl on the phone for you.
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
What did they do to you?
Easy.
I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
Look at you! You're up!
All right!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
I saw it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Look, I do not re-love her.
Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
I ate a bug.
Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.
Oh, now you want a favour?
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Oh good.
Yeah, me too!
No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
I'll give up my ticket.
That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.
Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular now.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
Hey, how, how did you do that?
This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Uh, ow.
I'll never forget you.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Hey, Mon, you want some help?
If you want.
She's still with you?
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
You're welcome.
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
Hi.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
How have you never been on Oprah?
Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
What are you doing?! Chandler! You can't just go back a phase!
Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time.
Yeah, come on, we can be guys!
When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
When did I sign for it?
Did you make brownies today?
So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Yeah?
How's that going?
That's so sweet. I'm gonna get some coffee.
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
Was it not pain-free?
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
Ohh.
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Hi! Phoebe.
Hi Phoebe.
No we...
Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
Page 42, page 42, page 42.
Ooh, I look good.
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Okay.
Okay.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Ok, all done.
What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Why would we do that?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Wh-what do you mean?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
See there it is right there.
Wow! It's small.
So you had fun, huh?
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you with that!
What?!
Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.
Slides are almost ready.
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
What's going on?
I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Excuse me, where are you going?
Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
What?!?!
You can spill. In the sink.
Give me your hands. Strings. Gimme it! Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
No.
Yes!
He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Uh-huh.
Wh-what did he say?!
Why?! Why not?!
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Sure.
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Rrrreally.
Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
no. No, I, I couldn't do that.
Then, uh, then I'm sorry.
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Gary.
Okay, so it's a date.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
Okay, is there anything else?
Well, you're just going to say no again but...gay porn.
Phoebe!
Ooh! I know what you could make! I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know.
And Monica, what are you going to make?
I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
I can't believe in four weeks they're gonna be married!
Phoebe that's not true.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Oh. They don't.
What?
Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
Naked alone time.
No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Are you OK?
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone.
Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
I may have.
Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Excuse me, is this your car?
Yeah.
Don't worry about it. It's not a problem.
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
How do you know?
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Please reattach this, it's against the law to disconnect them.
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right?
Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh.
Yes? Yes! Oh.
What are you doing?
Were you following me?
No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this.
Uh-hmm.
Because if you're not moving forward, y'know you're just moving backwards.
Phoebe?
I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
What?! No! I'm not gonna move out!
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Men just take out wind?
Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early...
Oh no, I'm fully qualified to...
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
Hey!
You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
Ugh, it's so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could-
Hey!
Hey Pheebs, you're still alive! How are you doing?
Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
What about my friend Victor?
Alright, let me just get my coat.
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
Y'know, I don't really their permission.
Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Yeah.
So what-what is the exhibit.
Oh man!
Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
I like her.
Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people.
Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number?
Wow, you guys, this is big.
Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.
Well, I never call me.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
I think it means he freaked out and left!
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
Ooh, this is it, 74.
Oh, so that's what this is for.
Yeah.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
I mean really, think about it.
Ho-ho, I will.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
That is so unfair.
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we're married!
No we weren't!
I was not!
Phoebe you can't have both of them! You have to pick one!
Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
Hey.
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
No! You should've read it yourself!
Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
A cyborg?! Isn't that like a robot?!
Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Right.
Okay?
No. Why?
Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! Well the moment's over.
Thank you, very much! Oh! Thank you!
He would like to kiss you.
Oh.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Anyway! Her and Ross just started yelling at each other.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
I don't-Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!
Phoebe! We're both your backup?!
Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!
No we weren't!
Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Wow!
So then, are you going to dump Jason?
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Oh, that is so sick.
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
And! And, they're gonna have a baby! And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus.
Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
Oh my God!!
My God!
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
What about him?
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time... You don't remember?
No.
I guess you weren't there.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
Ross, you're tired. You've been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
Okay. I'm going with you.
Why?!
All right, I'll see you guys later.
Y'know it doesn't matter how much I'm craving it. Y'know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's murder, cold blooded murder.
All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
Just a bug.
Okay.
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
How do you feel?
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
And protected them from a tornado?
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Nothing, nothing.
Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon.
Oh. They don't.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
I know. This is really, really huge.
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
I did it anyway.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they put me in jail!
Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It's over!
What?
They put you in jail?
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Yeah.
Nothing at all?
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Really?
Okay.
Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Hi honey.
Now... "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer--Oh-oh! All right, I'll pound on him in the morning.
Oh thank you.
Okay.
Hey!
Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
Please reattach this, it's against the law to disconnect them.
There's a reset button under the plastic cover.
Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Yes, every single one of them.
Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
So you're free Thursday, then.
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
Hey!
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
Should I not have told you?
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
I can't believe she would say that too you.
Yeah honey you don't believe her do you?
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
See, I didn't know that.
Well, there you go.
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! Sure! Yeah!
Yeah.
Can-can I get your autograph, I'm your biggest fan.
Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you're really talented.
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
Oh no, not you too!
Nice!
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Looking up?
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Me too.
Guys, we bought the tickets.
Why did you look at me when you said that?
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Watching ballroom dancing?
Yes! That's where we realized we were both super cool people!
Like what?
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?
No. Well, yeah, maybe.
What's 1922?
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
I'm all better now.
Well, at least you didn't rent yours from a store called, "It's Not Too Late."
Yeah, I think we are.
This isn't even my dress.
I'm changing out of this.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?
They're your backup singers... beind you.
Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Oo! Is it for my birthday present?
Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Well, I have a call in about that.
All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute.
1250.
Damn, I forgot you were here.
Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
Better. Yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
We didn't change..
So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Look, I- I could go on pretending-
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Eww!!
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
I don't know. What are you wearing?
Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Pirates again?
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
Yes!! Ohh.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Hey, I might!
You're kidding. Oh my God.
Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
Fine! Fine! Oh-oh!
What?
Oh.
Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
What-what Richard thing?
Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'.
What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
That's not the end.
What about the part where he has rabies?
Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Hey!
Hey!
Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
Not really.
Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Okay!
It's a great idea.
Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
Good. I should really start wearing hats!
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Okay.
Welcome to Las Vegas.
What are you gonna do?
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Shut up!
Oh. Maybe they're- napping.
Oh please, they're having sex.
So, whaddya think George is like?
Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Hey.
Hey.
Eeeshk.
Well, y'know we don't call it that, but yeah!
Oh! I'm a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.
You-you work at one of those massage parlors?
Wow! That's wild! No, I had no idea.
Ameri-can. Y'know it's a very hard language. Let's do it again.
Ameri-can.
Ameri-ccan.
Everybody!!
Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Ohh, you and your ways. Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
Ohh.
Ohh.
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Your other student, was you!
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
What are we going to do?!
I don't know, I don't know.
Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Uh-huh! I'm so...happy.
Which is why my answer is yes!
Really?!
Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Why? Why do I have to learn?
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Well...In-in case of emergency.
You won't let go?
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
No!
Well...
All right.
All right. Feel good?
All right, try pedaling.
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!
We have to get her a present?!
Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
How are you? Good. Hi, thanks for coming.
Hi!
Hi!
Oh thank you.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
I promise.
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
Why not?
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
I can't believe he did this.
That true, I am flaky.
Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Hah!
So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?
But you guys came so close.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Ohh, ohh.
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
Can I please see your face?
Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.
Oh, great! Me too.
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
Great!
Ohh.
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
Okay, is there anything else?
Well, you're just going to say no again but...gay porn.
Phoebe!
Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Hey!
Hi!
Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Okay!
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Then don't do that, alright?
Monica. Whaddya think?
Yeah?
So, whaddya think George is like?
I think he's shy.
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
We should do something. Whistle.
Nice hat.
Thanks.
We are not going to whistle.
I think it went into me.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
What do you mean?
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Ugh!
What?
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
M-M-Mole people?
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
What? No-no, a lurker.
Umm, Gene.
No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
It's Clint. It's Clint!
All right.
Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
I'm fine.
I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Hello.
Hey Rach.
Hey.
Hello.
Wow, look at these prices.
Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Ow! Ow!
Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
I promise.
Hi!
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
You're so pretty.
Hey, Phoebe.
Excuse me.
Hello!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Your pants!
Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Why?
Oh, I get a puppy!!
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
So. You two are totally into each other.
Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
No.
What is that?
Hey you guys! What's happening?
Oh my God!
Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
Okay! Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Great!
Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
Hey Rachel?
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
What are you talking about? Bitch.
Yeah?
This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
Happy Christmas Eve Eve. Oh my God, where did you get this?
Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Yeah, okay, my bad.
Hey!
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Hey!
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
What?
Thank God. Food.
Phoebe?
Do you have a plan?
Thank you. No? All right. Oh, it's so nice to see you.
How are you? Good. Hi, thanks for coming.
Oh thank you.
No.
Aww.
Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Great. It's gym class all over again.
Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Oh, it's like a skit.
Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Hey Joey.
OK, OK.
Cat.
Hey Phoebs.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
How have you never been on Oprah?
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Oh, wait a minute honey.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Good.
Oh, thank God.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Hey.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Oh, you're not a dingus.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Well thanks.
Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.
It's not in the apartment? Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.
What?
What are you talking about?
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
I know. Thanks.
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
Thanks.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
You think you know me so well.
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
Well, don't 'cha wanna?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thanks.
So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
Oh, yeah!
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
No.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Good luck!
No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.
Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!
Oh.
Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.
Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
...I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.
Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
With such a sad history.
Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Oh yeah, I definitely know her.
Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
There's sooo much you don't know.
Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Prague?
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
It's gonna be so great.
Hi! What's going on?
But Phoebe...
I'm not gonna right to you! That's not real!
Okay.
That was a terrible throw!!
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
Okay.
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Okay.
Keep the change. Sure you don't wanna pretzel?
Joey! Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Okay!
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
It's not my first time.
Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.
I don't know. What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
Yeah!
Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
Ahhh!!
Oooh!
I get to hire my own assistant!
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
We have good news, look whose back!
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Hi!
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
Clunkers?! Oh my god!
That's right, she came back all by herself.
It is so good to see you!
Oh me too.
Are you sure?
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
I am so hot for you right now.
Phoebe Buffay?!
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
I can't believe you bought this.
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Hop in. Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Wow!
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
All right, I'm gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Yeah, but I bet it works.
Really?! How much?!
Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
I am not going to apologize to a tree!
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
Okay.
Ok, yeah, ok. Oh, OK.
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
I don't know, you might be the first one.
Has somebody been drinking my fat?
You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Rach, did you check the machine?
Oh good.
Oh good!
Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Hi honey.
But if...
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
Well, we should go.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I-Hey! I did not go out with your wife! Okay? I went out with her!
That's my wife!!! Get out!
Yeah.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
What?! Oh my... Oh my God!! What happened?!
Hey!
I tried to reach you at work. There's....been a fire.
Well, we believe it originated here. In the Aroma Room.
I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
We'll be waiting for you...
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Ooh, uh...
Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Okay!
Bye, Pheebs!
Okay, bye!
Ooh, uh...
Bye, Pheebs!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Awww, come on-wait-stop it. Okay, to Monica.
To Monica!
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Yeah?
What?! No!
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Ohh knockers will help us figure it out.
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
It's your thing, and-
Oh, but I can't do that-
No, but I can't-
-make the decision-
So when, when do you leave?
I know where Minsk is.
We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.
January first.
Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Nah... not-not special enough.
Waaay too special.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
I might have.
Huuh.
Well, didn't you?
I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
Uhh.... waitressing?
Huh, Bob Saget?
Hey, hey, no, oh oh.
Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.
No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.
Run Phoebe run.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Yay!
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
We didn't fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
No, no, no, that's Dina.
You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
What does the sign say?
Beam me up Jesus.
Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
There-there was a suicide note?! Well, do you still have it?
You know her?!
No, I umm, I read about her in Mom's suicide note.
Hang on.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
These old things.
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
Yeah.
Oh, which museum?
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
No, answer his.
I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
I can't! I have to work!
Phoebe?
Ugh!
Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?
Hey!
Hey!
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
No!
No.
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
What is it?! What about Pete?
Six months.
Okay.
Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Who?
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Ooh, absolutely!
He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
Hey, ready for dinner?
Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?
Cups? You're giving me cups?
Like what?
Cups.
And ice!
Well then you'd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go!
Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
I haven't seen it yet!
Noooooooo!!
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
'Cause that's just your taste.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
That's right.
I have plans.
You're plans were with us.
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
It was just a kiss.
Thunder being stolen!!
Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
How? I don't have any money.
What happened?
What are you doing here?
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Oh.
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
What is it?
Oh my God, you've got to stop chattering!
Here, take a couple of these.
It's Hexadrin.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Hey what?
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Excellent!
Oh! You have a window!
Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Look at this!
Yes indeedy! With a beautiful view of...
Petrie.
No problem.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Yeah, is there a hair on it?
That is wild.
So what's it shaped like?
What happens if you flick it?
Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! Commercial
Wow. Thank you.
Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.
Phoebe here with the cab yet?
Rachel.
Joey.
It may not be a bed of roses.
And you're no friend to those with noses.
Ok so will he be back soon?
Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior.
He went out for groceries.
Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
First of all, I'm not losing...
Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
You get the dollhouse.
I get the dollhouse!
Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Nope, not knocked up yet.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
No.
That's right.
Never had that dream.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
All right-Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!
Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
Yeah, he's head of the department.
What?
I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Youre not gonna lose him.
Radiator.
Can I use your phone? Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
"Heating device."
Five letters.
That is damning evidence.
That is a different phone.
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
So-so you're really not going?
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
I mean really, think about it.
Ho-ho, I will.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
The guy still won't put out, huh?
Sorry Phoebs.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
That's what I said.
Well so?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
No.
No you didn't!
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Okay, I know that I went to that all ready.
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Sure! Where is it?
Hello? Hey Joey!
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Uh, I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Okay.
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Okay bye.
All right. Bye.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Are you crazy?
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.
Phoebs, he's just a little dog. Ahhh.
Hey!
Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds!
Hi Pheebs!
Shut it down.
You have the power to do that?
This does.
Hey.
Well, what period is it from?
Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
Yeah.
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
So what're you going to do?
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Um... hi there.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
...And then he burst into flames.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Nah... not-not special enough.
OK Joey, your bet.
Monica, in or out?
I hate this game!
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
Yes! I have it right here. Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?
Okay.
I am, aren't I?
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
You got fired?!
Oh my Gosh!
Sweety...
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Well, who wouldn't?!
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
And Mrs.?!
I know.
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
What are we supposed to be seeing here?
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Then don't do that, alright?
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Please, let me do something.
Okay.
That you like, we get it. You like her. Great!
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
I dont know. I like her, you know. Shes different. Theres uh, somethin about her.
Hey, Phoebe, I asked you, and you said it was okay.
Alright, could I just ask you one question?
With?
Yes.
Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Hey, Mon.
There were times when it wasn't even me.
That is so sweet, you guys.
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
And you're so sweet. And you're kind
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Yep. Put more gas in.
Yeah, this has happened before.
So you know how to fix it?
Hi!
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
I, but you're so close! No!
I can't!!
Okay, I gotta go.
Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete's computer company?
Oh, we killed them all.
Oh no.
What?
Oh!
Okay, bye.
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
Gunther, kiss me.
Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. Does it even work without my sexy voice?
I like it.
What?
You guys. You suck too.
Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Yeah, Phoebe you're... awful!
Aww man! I can't believe I locked myself out again!
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Oh.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Oh, yay!
But y'know umm, Rachel doesn't rhyme with draddle.
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Hey!
Hey, man!
Damn!
Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
They really were pretty, weren't they?
Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Hey!
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Hello!
You didn't!
No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
What?!
What?! She made the tea!
You what?
No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
And you don't a little good about donating the money?
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Can you hear anything?
So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Oh yeah! I know.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.
I-I'll call ya.
Okay, then what happened?
Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
No! If there was I wouldn't tell you.
Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You'll get your turn!
Yeah. See?
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
It really says that?!
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Living with you would make me happy.
Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
Are you sure?
Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
And Mrs.?!
What?!!
We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
Hey-hey-hey!
What are you doing?
Oh, all right.
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Yeah, all right.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
But we have to!
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
That is.
...since I stopped trying.
What-what do you mean?
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Okay, I think I got it.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't do that.
Nothing-Why?!
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
It's not a club.
She is so amazing! You have no idea.
We want you to marry her!
What?!!
No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Joey, she's so cool. She speaks four languages.
No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Cupid.
Man, do you know what guys want!
I never had a bike of my own.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
Yeah.
What?!
Oh, hello liar.
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.
Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
What?! No! It was my idea!
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
I call it!!
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Ohhh!!!
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
What's going on?
HI!! Hi!
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Well, but Pheebs.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
What?! No! Why?!
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
Oh yeah!
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
And the Knicks rule all.
Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Makes me wanna puke!
Look, I'm talking right now! You're-you mean her.
Yeah, can I help you with something?
Phoebe, come on!
Y'know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.
And this is Rachel.
This is Monica.
Whoa!
Hi!
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.
No. I am not putting on makeup.
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Definitely not his mother.
Oh, no...
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
where were you standing?
Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?
Not from where I was standin.
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Pirates again?
Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
For Ross.
Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it.
Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.
Where's my seat belt?
Hey!
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Oh, wow.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
You had sex with her didn't you?
Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.
Page 42, page 42, page 42.
Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Men just take out wind?
Wow.
Hey. Watcha guys doin?
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.
Hi.
Hello?
Hey!
Hi! What-what're you doing here?
No! Oh! You're alive! You're alive!
Right.
Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.
See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn't I?
Okay, listen Robert...
No, I can spot you from here.
What?
Hey, don't we have to...
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.

He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
Your eyes are very pretty.
Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?
Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
Listen, can you promise me that you won't tell her though?
Thanks a lot.
Nah. I kept myself busy.
Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.
You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
I can't believe you didn't tell me there was a suicide note!
There-there was a suicide note?! Well, do you still have it?
Hang on.
Yeah. So how have you been doing?
Ooh, God it looks bad.
Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Really?! Are you sure?
No.
Y'know what, let's do the catering business.
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
You've never asked a guy out?!!
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
No. Have you?
Who, Josh?
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
I can't believe it! He still hasn't called.
It's Joshua.
I-I wanna be with her, I like her.
No, happy for you!
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
Ooh, good, you're hear! Okay.
Well, so, why don't you just turn it off?
Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.
Hey!
Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Excuse me?
Look, I don't know what you're talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Drum roll.
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
Stop it!
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Yes! Shame about you man.
What?
Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Oh, I'll-I'll come hug you.
Yeah.
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
Ohh great!!!
But, he loves Emily?
I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
But, he loves Emily?
Okay.
Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. Get up! Get up! Get up!
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early...
Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."
Thanks, see you at the party.
Okay, great!
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Ohh.
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Actually, it looks really good.
Get in here!!!
Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
I guess so.
Here you go. Thank you!
Oh what, you-you want both of them?
These are her earrings.
Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Tell her to wear her own earrings.
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Did you find it?
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Okay, calm down, here they are.
Yeah! You're the best!
No.
Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
My God, Joey!
Okay, go ahead.
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
It was a car backfire!
Oh good, you're all up.
Okay. Oh! Oh no.
All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
What's in the bag?
That game should not be played without my supervision.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Garfunkle.
Fauna.
Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
Why are you mad at me?
Oh!
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Just for a second.
Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?
I'm not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn't.
Oh no.
So?
I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh!
What?
A dollar?
Oh no.
Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.
Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
A dollar?
And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.
Yeah.
Oh sure! Noo!
That's funny.
Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new......old sheet?
Ohh!!
What?!
Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
Are you serious?
All right, what's going on there?
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Oh, I've got it! I have got it! Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good!
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can't breathe.
Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!
Yes!!
Ohh, you're a freak!!
What the hell was that?!
A lesson in the importance of unagi.
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
Okay.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Rachel, what the hell is this?!
What?
You found me a guy?
Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! Come on! Rachel?
Hi.
Hi. Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
Yeah?
Hi, you guys.
The shipment never made it through Omaha?
You got it! And the rabbi's beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! It's your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! Wayne! Wayne!!
Hey!
Please, I think you know why.
I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's... He's mad at you!
What?! Why?!
I can't think of anything.
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
Yeah, okay.
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! Oooh, I can't leave her!
That's not gonna work.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
That's not gonna work.
Hey! I didn't know either.
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Swear?!
You won't let go?
No!
I swear!
Huh?
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Pheebs?
Where's your bed?
Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Huh?
Skull?
Oh my god!!
I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
I don't need any toner.
Not me.
May I ask why?
I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Not me.
You wanna know why. You wanna know why?
Because it's my apartment!
Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Well why shouldn't I?!
Well, then I get to give him the cell phone.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Yeah baby!
Honey! Dinner's ready!
I'm coming! I'm coming!
Look, you don't want to fight me.
Maybe I do! I'm pretty feisty!
Hey!
Uh, here. What time?
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
4 o'clock. Food?
Get in here!!!
Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Actually, it looks really good.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
What?
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
You were supposed to tell her!
I don't know.
Excuse us for a minute. You didn't tell her to come?!
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
Yeah!
Okay!
You wanna hug it out?
Yay!
Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
What?!
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Why don't you just go out with her!
Awesome!
Really?!
Phoebe, Phoebe relax, it's okay. I mean we never said this was exclusive.
Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.
Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.
I don't know.
Nice try.
Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
Well umm, maybe we could uhh... Ah-ha! Too slow!!
Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's!!
Yes!
Very good handshake, good wrist action.
Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
Hi.
Let me try.
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Yeah me too.
Yeah, you're right. How's the Mrs.?
Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Phoebe that's not true.
I can't believe they've been together for three years.
My Saturn dealership.
No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
What's the second part of your plan?
Hello?
Sure.
Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
So good!
Hi, how was the movie?
Wonderful!
Suck-fest.
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
Okay, Chandler, come on!
Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is.
I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Uma Thurman.
Oooooo....
"Ooo," what?
Oh!
Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...
But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
Intense and creepy.
Oh.
Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Oh, we just...
Surprise!
Did you see Betty?
So, um, are you gonna call him?
Right.
Excuse me. Doesn't this come with a side salad?
What? Do you think he likes me?
...teen!
OK, here you go. Good luck.
: Thank you. : I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
: Joey, I'm a little shy.
Where are you going?
If it helps, I could slide over.
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.
Yeah.
All right, I'll see you guys later.
And here's little Ben nodding off...
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.
What makes it pilgrim?
It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y.
Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?
We'll put buckles on it.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Oh God.
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
You guuuyys.
Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Uh-huh.
And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.
OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Yes but my mom got me this job.
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.
You are so smitten.
I am not.
Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.
Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.
Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.
Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?
I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.
I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.

I'm done now.
I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him.
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
That was so lame.
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Ahh.
His indian name?
Really?
I know...
I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
Pheebs?
No it's not, sorry.
Helloo! Oh!
Pheebs! There you are!
But Phoebe, wait! Wait! Phoebe. Phoebe!
Aww, good. What?
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
I love you, too.
What? I'm just said.
Wait for me! Wait for me! Wait for me! Oh cool, this is my first huddle.
Huddle up.
All right, huddle up, right over here.
Okay.
Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...
Hey.
Hey. What, what are you doing here?
Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....
Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
Hey!
Hey. What are we drinkin' over here.
No kiddin,' that's the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
It must take you forever to find your keys.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.
No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!
All right, just give it back to me when your done. See you guys.
Bye-bye.
What, what, what?!
Well not exactly like the one in the poem.
Yeah, it's a vase.
Yeah, just like the one in the poem.
What do you mean?
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
Hello.
I love this friend thing!
Oh.
Oh, I thought you weren't coming. What? Where were you?
You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come?
Ah well, it's nubbin. Nothing! Umm. Y'know what, I'll see you later. Okay.
Come here, come here. Okay, don't get mad, okay.
Oh.
No.
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
We were just waxing our legs.
Off?!!
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
We were out of Doritos.
Hi! Hello!
I gave you a key for emergencies!
Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
It isn't?
Hey! Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...
'Cause it's-it's not his last name.
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
No, just a barrel.
Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Y'know what, you can play with my dollhouse.
Oh, okay, it's the slide instead of stairs. Watch this.
Look, look!
Hey, what's this?!
It's very interesting, Phoebe.
No! No!
Oh my God!!!
Ahh-ahh, we'd better call the fire department!
No, no?
I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
Nothing. Nothing.
What? What's wrong?
You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
That's weird.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.
What?
These old things.
Hi, I'm Maria.
Wow, you have really pretty feet.
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
Open it up, let me see.
People are trying to sleep in here!
Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Oh, there they are!
He's taking her purse!
Uhh, that's not them. I'm gonna go call the police.
All right, get a room.
Monica!
Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don't you wanna stay here and talk about it?
No. I'm just, I wanna, I need to be alone.
Oh.
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
Enough!
Lean-lean-lean!
Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
We just want you to think it through.
Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
Umm, I love this touchy. Can I take it to work with me?
Oh. Oh.
Hi!
Hi, Phoebe! We were just at the drugstore and we got you a little present.
Umm, it's a lollipop and a uh, a home pregnancy test.
I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.
See? I'm doing it. I am totally doing it. I lost it.
What is it hon?
Aww, honey I'm sorry.
Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!
Feel better now?
Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
Yeah, I definitely. I don't like the name Ross.
What a weird way to kick me when I'm down.
Oh. What's wrong with Ross?
So, I decided I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know...
Actually that-that's not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... Y'know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend's a lesbian.
Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Boy! I didn't see that coming!
All right!
Just give us our apartment back!
Are you serious?
Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.
All right, Joey, same question.
Uhh, they're tall.
That's not even a game!
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Hi! Phoebe.
Hi Phoebe.
No we...
Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
Ahh, the babies miss me?
Of course they do! Or I'm just really hungry.
What? You ordered pizza without me?!
What are you saying?!
Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
Now, let us try that again, shall we?
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.
Hi, Pheebs.
Bye, Pheebs.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hi, so what happened?
Well, Ross said my name.
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
Hey!
But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
I don't care.
Hi. Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
Yeah, umm, no honey.
They're gonna call her Chandler.
Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
Yeah. So?
What-what are you talking about?!
Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out!
Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Easy. Step. How did it get on?
I put it on to scare Chandler!
Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
Oh, thanks!
Well, it's going okay.
Well good, here let me help you out.
Yeah!
Wait, you can't take the money out.
Okay! Thanks! Happy Holidays, here's your joy.
Thank you! And Happy Holidays.
I'm making change. I need change for the bus.
Does it look like an ashtray?
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
No.
No.
Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie.
Hello children!
Hey!
Hey.
Good idea!
Okay.
Okay? Whoa, wait!
Yeah, oh wait!
Yeah that's right you are so busted. Book 'em.
Hold it! N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!
What?!
Who are you talking too?
I-I'm with the umm, the 57th.
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?
Oh, I know a guy in homicide up there.
Oh, look at that.
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
Yeah, me too!
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
That's not good.
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile!
Oh hey Joey! What's up?
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
That game should not be played without my supervision.
Why?!
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Really?
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Be cool! Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
Oh well, lost again. That's it! You and me, outside!
I don't want to see you lose a chunk of that pretty blond hair!
What?!
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Yeah. We're doing the right thing, right?
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
What?!
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Bye.
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
What?! Why?
And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross.
Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
I knew it! Because you love Rachel.
So? Did you get the annulment?
I couldn't.
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
Hey.
Hey!
Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
I live upstate.
Yeah, so did I.
Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital! No! What would, what would Krog do?
I'm pretty sure it's gun.
Okay, listen this really hurts. Let's go.
Why isn't that valet back with my Porsche?
How do you feel?
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
Hey!
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Oh, put him on!
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Why do you care?
So?
Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.
Because they're people.
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Thank you.
Sure.
Oh my God. Did you talk to him?
So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn't it?
Really?
No, I'm just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it's trifle time!
It sure is.
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
Ross? Let's go.
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Umm, a flea market?
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Ohh, yes.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Okay then I don't have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!
That's right!
Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
Oh I do! Oh, y'know what? No. Wait a second. I know it's in here somewhere.
I'm pretty.
Hey does anyone have any gum?
Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
Oh yeah, how about you and the, "I'm sorry!"
Shut up! I did not sound like that at all!
Were you this cute in high school?
I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
Look at you! You're up!
All right!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
I'm having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!
I'm having another heart attack!
What?!
Take it easy.
Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
Yeah! It's weird. But the thing is need to find a date.
Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. Excuse me. Joey Tribbiani.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle's ex.
Ugh, okay Sherlock!
Look, I'm sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
Oh yeah-No-You're welcome. We'll talk about it later.
You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
No listen to me! She is crazy!
Uh, your door isn't sound proof.
Good morning.
No spark? Didn't you sleep together?
Then change it back!
I'm sorry I... It's just there's no real spark.
Yeah.
It's just my knitting that's all! Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
Seriously, it's moving!
What the hell is in there?
Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
What?
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
Weee!!!
Yes!! Yes!!!
I-I just thought you were doing so well. I...
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Oh my god!!
Hey!
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Merry Christmas!
Oh wow! Look at this place!
Oh my God!
Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Who is it?
Hi! It's Tom, I'm here to pick up the phone.
Well why shouldn't I?!
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Are you serious?
I call it!!
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! How you doin'?
Here you go.
Good for you!
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Go for it.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
Hi!
What's the matter?
There's just one thing. Do you have a problem with full frontal nudity?
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Just calm down woman!
Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Oh, just look at her...
Grazie.
Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say...
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Oh did you-what did you-did you work for two days straight?
Great!
This is beautiful!
Pretty much. So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
I had the same dream!
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
Yeah, you're on your own.
Who the hell are all these people?
Okay. Hey Rach?
Yeah?
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Oh God, absolutely.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Doctor Burke is sexy?
It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it!
You completely stole my answer!
Well, honey that was pretty obvious.
What do you think? You in the blue shirt.
No. No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
Ohh, get a room.
Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love.
We have one.
Does a dog's lips move when he reads? Okay, no they don't.
I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Hey guys!
Susan, he looks just like you.
Can we come in?
I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Thanks.
All right, so what were you thinking?
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
No, I wanna melt it.
Yeah!
Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Phoebe. Hi.
No. Have you seen David?
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Ready?
Ross?
OK Joey, your bet.
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
Oh, I am very in.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
You're smoking again?!
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Oh my God!
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Bye Chandler! I miss you already.
Bye!
Bye!
Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
What is your job?
Do you want me to call?
No, I'll do it. You just stick to your job.
Staying out of the way.
It's Phoebe.
Well I'm not showing you my 'tat.'
Hello?
And Rog.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
Okay guys, way to wish me luck!
Good luck! Go get 'em!
Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
We want you to marry her!
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
What?!!
Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway.
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.
Thanks for coming Mrs. Greene. Well, ok, you take care.
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Yes, good! Ok...
...like a...
...pig...pig man!
Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
Oh.
Oh no, I-I'm sorry, I guess we lost track of everybody after high school.
Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back!
Hey, is Chandler here?
No, no he went for a walk.
Hi!
Oh, right!
Your sunglasses?!
Yes!
Pizza!
See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt?
Sorry. How about over here?
Aaaaah!
No.
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
I don't know. What are you wearing?
Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Pirates again?
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
I think Saturday-.
What's with him?
Okay!
Oh, wow.
Hi Rob Dohnen.
I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Joey, this is awkward part.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.
This stuff is great!
Ohh.
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
His first big kid's bike, this is so exciting!
Okay. Okay.
Yes! Yes! Yes!!
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
Right.
Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
That he doesn't exist.
So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
That's what you think.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
What was her name?
So now, what is this now?
Will you call him?
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Guggly worm.
Okay well, he would turn things to gold.
No. Nothing.
So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
What about things that are already gold?
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Okay.
Okay.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Wow.
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Okay. 'Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.' That's all I have so far.
Yeah.
We'd love too.
Well hello!
Oh, ok bye-bye.
Ooh!
Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Why not?
Okay.
I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
For what?
Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
You al-you already had it?
Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
I thought you knew that.
Noho. Who doesn't they like me?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Hello, baby. Hello, hello.
I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
Should I not have told you?
The end.
Oh, God...
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
Not yet, no.
I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
Well, I am.
Hi.
Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. Are you okay?
Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Rach?
I'll be out in a second.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
How do you know?
That's not mine.
Yes it is.
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Are you calling me selfish?!
Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Hello.
What are you doing?
Hey.
Hi. Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Alright, great. Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class.
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.
OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
Well I. . .
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.
That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!
Oh, Urse...
Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?
Ok. One.
You know, the guys are probably having a great time.
Come on you guys, one more time.
Nooo.
Oh, you're not a dingus.
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Okay, so how do we decide that?
All right, we have to pick captains.
And then Tineals.
Well, why don't we just bunny up.
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
This used to be your room? Wow! You must've been in really good shape as a kid.
Hey!
Hi.
Ohh, I'm such an idiot. I can't believe I actually thought she could change.
Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
All right.
What are you talking about?
Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Oh! What about, what about the girls?
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.
Definitely!
I am definitely gonna watch that!
What about these? These look the same?
Not as each other!
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
What kind of an emergency?
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
I know. Hand me a tissue.
Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
Oh...
You're out of Diet Coke.
I'm pretty.
Yeah Joey that is so gross!
How about a scone on the house baby?
Hey does anyone have any gum?
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Yeah. See?
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Well, no no, you have to stay back. I, I have the pox.
Hey Ryan, what's up?
What's goin' on?
Chicken or small?
Yeah, well, I kinda thought.
I pick you, Phoebe.
Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.
Hey.
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Umm, well, umm Grandma died.
Wow! Didn't she die like five years ago?
Okay, I know that I went to that all ready.
Okay bye.
Problem solved.
Bye Phoebe.
All right. Bye.
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Really?
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Are you kidding?!
Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
But I can't tell you.
Okay, but wouldn't it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.
Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?
Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I'm not going die!
Hey!
Hey!
Really?! How do you know?
CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Oh my God!
OH MY GOD!!!
Oh-my-God!
Marcel?
Marcel?
Whaaat!
Check it out! Cup hat! Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!
So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.
Oh man!
Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Oh, Rachel.
No way!
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Oh come on, I already went.
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
It worked!
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Hey!
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?
I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
You said I was boring--Ohh!
When did I say you were boring?!
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Oh my God, so do I!
I-I like pizza!
You do?! Wait, I like umm, the Beetles.
I knew it, wow!!
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
What?
I'm not Jewish, so...
Bad dream?
No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Why, do you write him a lot?
Yeah! That's right. Yeah-yeah! Yeah!
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
No you didn't!
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
I miss you too!!!!
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
I miss you already!!
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Alright, let me just get my coat.
Is it true they have beer?
I got it! Mine!
Yeah.
Okay.
Congratulations!
Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Honey, there's a reason.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Uh yeah, right here.
Thank you, Happy Holidays.
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
Let's give it a shot.
Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
No, just a Friday night.
Well, that's not something a girl wants to hear.
What?
No, I can't get it out.
No, come on don't start. Ouch!
Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
I know what time you said.
What?!
What time?
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
What time?
What does it say?!
No, Joey.
So, um, are you gonna call him?
What? Do you think he likes me?
Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. Do you want some chicken?
We stand firm at $10.
Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000.
Okay, I can let it go at eight.
How would you like to pay?
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
No!
So it's just your mother then.
I don't need any toner.
God!
Dude!
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Be cool! Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
What?!
Also Monday.
This is Patrick.
There you go! There you are!
Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! What are you doing here?!
Hi.
And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.
Ohhhhhh!
Oh my God!
Was it...
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
I don't think so.
All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
Okay! Hey! What do I do?!! What are you doing? Did you find the dress?
I'm coming! I'm coming!
Hey!
Did you find the dress?
You did the right thing.
Hey! How'd it go?
Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year?
I don't like this anymore.
Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"
Well, okay, so what's now-go get, go get the eggs, put 'em in there.
Okay, it'll take just a little while to prepare the embryos.
Um-hmm, five actually.
I don't have time for this.
I just asked you.
I just asked you.
No, that is what the game is.
Oh my god. How many of those have you had?
Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Oh, I don't know, a million?
Bye!
Yeah, all right.
Bye!
Who is it?
And call me!
Oh and I'll call ya too!
Or I'll call you!
Okay, good to see you again.
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.
What? Me having a job?
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
Hi Monica.
Hey!
Hey!
Give me it!
Nice!
Oh that'd be me. Sir. After you.
Okay. Okay.
Well, you certainly own that room.
I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
I'm good.
I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
: Your Visa bill is huge!
Wow!
What?
Give me that!
Sur-surprise.
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
Surprise...
...Monica.
Oh yeah.
To yourself. Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good.
Oh good, I think so too. Pheebs?
Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work.
Watch this.
Hi honey.
Hi!
How are you?
Alright, whadyou do with him?
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
Oh! You're awake!
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
Yeah, my agent just called me with an audition for Days of Our Lives!
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!
Wh-wh-what are you doing?
We are looking at a Playboy.
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Right, and its me.
Yeah?
Hi, its us.
So, so youre here too?
Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
Oh.
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Hey!
Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
Thank you.
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Rachel?
Yeah.
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Oh, sly.
Oh, we're not together.
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Well, I really wanted to meet you guys, but I have to run. I'll see you later?
Yeah, but you shouldn't compare yourself to me.
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
Yeah?
Do you remember where the duck food is?
Because I'm going to London.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Hangs up.
Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
Hi!
Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
You think?
OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
OH MY GOD!!!
Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.
Saltines?
What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Maybe nobody's tried this.
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
I miss Rose.
Yeah, can't help but.
How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? I wrapped those bad boys.
Oh, yeah?
Monica.
Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.
Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, it's not your fault.
They won't take you to the vet.
No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can't see him.
All right I'll have one.
So what's a matter, you need a dentist? I've got a good one.
See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
Yeah. That's what you really want. Yeah, I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don't want to be the reason I'm unhappy.
Thank you.
Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already?
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant.
Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
Uh, Phoebe you-you don't have an office.
Phoebe, listen...
Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Does that mean Carcass is available?
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
How?
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
Bye.
Bye, good luck.
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
All right, so, okay...
Hold on. Hold on. Rachel coming. Do...Something.
Right!
Hey Rach!
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
What was that?!
No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
I'll give up my ticket.
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again.
You see this, this is a friend.
Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?
Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
Ok.
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
Can I be that guy?
Okay, shoot.
Okay, I have a wedgie.
Oh, no. Oh, nothing.
Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Okay, that is all you.
Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer...
Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me.
Gary.
Okay. Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?!
Very good handshake, good wrist action.
Let me try.
Did I squeeze it too hard?
Well, maybe he wouldn't be she didn't bring the office home every night!
You think he's emotionally unavailable?
I think he can be.
Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.
Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.

Oh my God.
Okay. Ooh, y'know we could just do this.
Okay.
Fan out! Fan out!
Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker.
Oh, I'll get it.
I saved you a seat.
Sick-sick-sick-sick.
Gotcha!
But hes falling in love with her.
Yeah. Okay.
No, come on, he doesnt know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Can't wait.
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Oh my God.
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
What?
Good.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
All right. I'll get my bag.
I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.
So did you sleep well last night?
Dr. Geller!
Burt!
I did.
That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
That's really beautiful. What does it mean?
Please, clean my beakers. I don't get out of the lab much.
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
No. I'm-I'm to depressed to talk.
Nope.
Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
I'll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
I see what you're doing!
Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
Oh.
Phyllis sees what I'm doing.
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
You're dying?!
Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
Okay, that's enough honey!
Oh he knows! For the most part.
Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
Oh hey! Good, you're both here.
Oh my God! Go away! Stop looking in here!
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Great, now he's waving back.
Oh, well, actually.
Good.
Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
Play it.
We're practically kissing.
Hey!
Hi Monica.
Hey!
Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Oh! That was Lambchop!
Please, guys, we have to talk.
Alright, we have to talk.
Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
That had to hurt!
So what's going on?
How's it going?
Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.
No. I'm just, I wanna, I need to be alone.
Oh, my new Mom, who-who's a big, fat abandoner!
Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don't you wanna stay here and talk about it?
Monica!
Oh-oh, that's your thing.
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
An annulment? Ross! I don't think surgery's the answer here.
What?
Hmm, how about my azzz?
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Hey, this is hollow.
Thank you, very much! Oh! Thank you!
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.
Your eyes are very pretty.
He would like to kiss you.
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
I promise.
All right, that's it, I quit.
Stick a fork what?
Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.
Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
OK.
I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Yeah, what town are we near?
Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?
Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.
I had one.
Hey.
Uh, listen I gotta double check for tickets tonight. Who-who got what?
I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!!
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?
It's coming from Joey!
Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Ooh! Hi!
What do you know?!
Oh-oh, Phoebe!
Hi! So, how did it go at the doctors?
Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. See, these names are good, and these names are bad. Ohh.
What?
Santa pants. Santa Claus's pants.
Hey!
Hi, so what happened?
Great...
Hi!
Well, Ross said my name.
Okay, woo! Hi.
Hey, Pheebs!
Phoebe, woo!
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
No, but you're questioning my method!
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? Have you? Oh my God!
What?! I didn't touch a guitar!
No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! What?!
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Of course.
Oh, you're-you're going?
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?!
What's a Movement class?
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Oh. Oh, that's great!
Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a sorority?
What one?
Does he know?
So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?
Oh, right. He is so great. But that's over.
Who?
Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh-oh, I have a game!
Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
Okay!
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Some moms do that.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Excuse me, where are you going?
Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
Okay!!
Done.
I would love to do it together!
How do you know about this?
Ohhh!
Uh-hmm.
My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
I'll give you $1 for them.
Okay. Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
Uh yes, I have these two rather beautiful $5 bills.
Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? Have you? Oh my God!
Then do Iceberg!
G-sharp.
What?! I didn't touch a guitar!
Fish!
Hm?
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.
On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
Ahh.
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
Ahh!
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
I don't think you mean that.
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
I did it anyway.
Phoebe! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Why aren't you dressed yet?!
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
You know who shaved you? That was me.
Well, actually it's just from me.
I got you the foot massager.
I read to you.
Already?!
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
Hey!
Hey-ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
How do you feel?
Morly Safer.
Ooh, ooh, fun! Okay... um, Liam Neeson.
Nope.
Nope.
You really thought it was perfect?
Whatever, it's the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways.
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
You're making one right now!
No I'm not.
We're still rolling!
Let's go Phoebe!
Yes! .... or no.
That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Alright, Cincinnati, no blinds, everybody ante.
Alright. : Your money's mine, Green.
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
They actually said that?
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
No, not the used wax.
We could eat the wax! It's organic.
Oh great, food with hair on it.
Because that would be crazy?
But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
What?!
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Yeah, yeah. Why?
Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Another good point.
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
What's block?
Yeah.
Okay, Joey's gonna catch it, and you and I are gonna block.
Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
This is not fun!
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! You didn't get the annulment?!!
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
I know.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Uh-huh.
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Really? Because I think about you all the time.
Okay, Widow!
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! Hey, widow?
Come on along and listen to...
...the lullabye of...
Okay, but this can't be good for the baby.
You guys! You guys! You're gonna have a baby! They're gonna have a baby!
MY SISTER'S GONNA HAVE MY BABY!!!!!!!
Oh!
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Really?
Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
Yeah she said something about crumbies.
No! No! No! I was so careful!
That's right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey's.
Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
Yeah, this is Tag. Tag, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Phoebe! That's a great name.
Okay. We'll be right back.
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Oh my God.
I know.
Pretty uhm, different huh?
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
How do you feel?
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
And protected them from a tornado?
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
I am not!
Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!
No Phoebe I am mad!
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?
Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
A loser you did it with 298 times!
Yes?
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
Yes!! Ohh.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
You just said it!
Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.
You and me both.
Hey, so what'd I miss, what'd I miss, c'mon?
Hey, do you need me to pick you up?
No-no-no oh, keep your name, don't take his name.
I have no idea.
So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
He didn't ask me to marry him.
Umm, where's my purse?
Wait!
I don't ever want to see you again!
Shoot! We're out of soda.
Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
Hey!
Hey!
I would love to!
Bamn! There you go! Huh?
North route or south route?
North route!
Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
Rachel?
Hey.
Hey.
Yeah.
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
What?! No!
Look, I don't think so Pheebs. All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend.
Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
You'll never get me, Joe!!!
Then why did she ask us to...
I'm a little embarrassed.
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's... He's mad at you!
Yeah! That was so weird, huh?
Phoebe, why'd you do it?
What?! Why?!
Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?
Hey.
Hey.
Oh my God, it was incredible.
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
It's Monica's bed. What?
Okay. It's a racecar.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
No, I'm fine.
Okay.
Keep the change. Sure you don't wanna pretzel?
See ya.
Uh-huh.
Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.
Well then, what about you?! Huh?!
I'm the ring bearer.
Oh my God, who died on this?!
Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You'll get your turn!
No! If there was I wouldn't tell you.
Okay, then what happened?
Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
Does Joey have any idea?
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Yeah! That would be great!
Well, I would love to but...the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.
I could've been killed I hope you know!
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Phoebe.
Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party.
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
Cassie?!
Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
I left a Belgian waffle out here, did you take it?
No!
I wasn't ready for it.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles.
A monkey. Have you seen a monkey?
Saw Regis Philbin once...
You owe me a waffle.
Ohh, the-the Foster puppets!
Ohh. What is this?
No Phoebe, don't look! You don't want to see what's under there!!
It's not a big deal. It's, just it's right here, and it's all the time.
Getting so good at that!
Stay.
Stay.
It was Max's stuff.
All right, you know Paolo?
Fine.
Phoebe, what is it?
I'm familiar with his work, yes...
Chandler?
Ross?
Oh, I am very in.
Couldn't be more out.
Me too. Rachel.
Chandler?
Couldn't be more out.
Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Did I miss it, did I miss it?
What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
You have to pick your moments.
She's not even here yet.
Oh, let me see!
You're going to China?
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Yeah.
Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
Who's Barney.
No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
I'm not saying you have to be Barney.
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
OK, Rachel, I'm ready.
I know.
I finally get a part on TV and the monkey's makin' movies.
OK.
Um, yeah I guess that's me.
OK.
Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?
She's here.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Because she's your lobster.
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Hey, you feelin' better?
Plate! Yes, plate.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
Uh, plate?
Plate. Plate. Plate.
See, we don't need them.
Plate! Yes, plate.
Plate. Plate. Plate.
Plate?
Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
Fine! Fine! Oh-oh!
What?
Oh.
I don't know, I hardly ever say that about people.
Yeah, she was bald, she's not now.
How could you not tell me that she has hair?
Ohh, well, this is just perfect!
You're actually going through with this?
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
I don't know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! Ah-ha!
What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
Uhh, okay, it's uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.
Umm, no.
It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh ! Don't make me come in there!
One of the babies is kicking.
I thought that was a good thing.
Hey!
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Hello.
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
So you're not homesick yet?
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
No, I don't think so.
Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...
All right, the seven of us miss you.
Who's seven?
Ahh, the babies miss me?
Of course they do! Or I'm just really hungry.
Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...
Ahh, the babies miss me?
Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Two pizzas?!
Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Two pizzas?!
Wait, well, where did you get it from?!
What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
Because I'm going to London.
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
But what about all the "finding-his-flaws" stuff we've been doing?
What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
Yeah, that didn't work.
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
But what about all the "finding-his-flaws" stuff we've been doing?
Yeah, that didn't work.
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
I do! I do! I do! I do! Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."
The Waltham Residence.
Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
I do! I do! I do! I do! Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.
The Waltham Residence.
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
No! Ooh! Oh my god!
What are you saying?!
Now, let us try that again, shall we?
The Waltham Residence.
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
No! Ooh! Oh my god!
The Waltham Residence.
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
Hangs up.
Hey.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
It's Phoebe.
Oh great! Oh, you. Umm, what's up?
Umm, yeah-no thanks.
Umm, well, umm Grandma died.
Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
Umm, yeah-no thanks.
Wow! Didn't she die like five years ago?
Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
Hey, how are you holding up?
Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Here, I brought you some flowers.
Thanks!
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
What did you say to him?
Could everyone please take their seats?
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
What are you talking about?
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
No he's not!
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
That's a defense?
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
You make up songs?
That's a defense?
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
Well, I am.
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
Not yet, no.
Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
Ohh.
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Ohh.
Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom.
What?!
Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
What?!
Oh my God!
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop.
So am I!
Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?
Which is why my answer is yes!
I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
Yeah.
Really?!
Ohh-oh, chilling!
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
I know.
Good! Great! You can go first.
Nope, she's perfect.
I have one.
Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen.
So?
I licked my arm, what?
It's breast milk.
Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
Oh, this one's for Chandler. Here.
Alright, no, we could look at them!
Oh, this one's for me!
Oh great!
Okay then.
Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
All right, let's move on.
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
I made a...
Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! Oh for crying out loud!
So what are you gonna do?
Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle!
Gum!
Well, we determined the cause of the fire.
No, there was an appliance left on in the bathroom. It's looks like a curling iron.
Thanks Monica!
This is where I keep the pizza. And-Hey! Where did the napkin go?!
Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Does that smell bother you?
What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
Thanks Monica!
Does that smell bother you?
Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
It's not that bad.
Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.
Oh.... my... God.
Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
I don't know, I don't have anyone right now. Y'know?
Me too!
Really? Who would, who would you marry?
Oh Pheebs.
So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
Okay. We'll be right back.
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
Hi Ginger.
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.
Look, I don't think so Pheebs. All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend.
All right! I want my key back!
Kyle's ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?
Yep. Okay.
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Oh, I'd say about a month.
Yeah.
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
Wooo!! Hoo!!
I think it's necessary.
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
Go for it.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Really? My God, he's really cute.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
And did he?
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
And did he?
Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
You sound like a guy.
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
You'll have a last kiss.
You sound like a guy.
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
No. Why?
I know! It's awful. I love you.
Have you seen Chandler?
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
No. Why?
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
No that is the last thing you want to do!
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
Phoebe! Come on I'm serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
Why?
Because you're marrying him!
No that is the last thing you want to do!
Why?
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Because you're marrying him!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Your mother told you this?
Yes!
No, you have to let me in right now!!
Are you alone?
All right.
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Yes!
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Rach?
I'm not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
I'll be out in a second.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Oh hey! How was your audition?
Oh hey! How was your audition?
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
I'm sorry, do I know you?
Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
So.
Um you, you got a minute?
Um, yeah, I'm just... ..working.
Uh-huh.
Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
So.
Uh-huh.
Oh, wow! You remembered! Oh! It's a Judy Jetson thermos!
Mr. Bing's office. No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
See that'll stop when you pick up the phone.
Oh. Uh, I'm on.
I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...
Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Men are here.
OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
Yeah, in the back. You want a quarter?
Oh, I get more because I'm dainty.
So um, is there a phone here, I can check my messages?
Oh, no thanks. I always carry one in my sock.
That sounds great!
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Uh-huh.
Hey!
Ehh!!
You're not gonna be phased out!
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Oh my God!
Oh. Oh!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
All right, you go.
Okay, then maybe I can come too!
Suspect has just emerged naked from the sewer.
Bye-bye.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
What?!
She was?
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Well, she graduated from high school!
What do you mean?
You guys!! Come on!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
Hey.
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
Well... It's a date.
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
I'm all better now.
Where?
Rachel, how did this happen?
I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
At his apartment. Is this juice?
So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
I love you Phoebe.
And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.
Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
See that is the problem with invisible dentists.
Why? Why can't you go to him?
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Yeah, and nobody slept with that Xerox girl.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
I had the same dream!
Oh, I had the opposite dream.
Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, you guys, do you know anything about chicks?
Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Oh, well no problem there.
Well, that could've been really awkward.
Well, I made you a candle light dinner in the park.
Y'know Phoebe, I'm gonna make this real easy for you.
You made him a candle light dinner in the park?
...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! Thank you, thanks.
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
Oh, that's right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that's gotta be embarrassing!
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
But why does it even matter?!
Oh! Well, if that's what you want...
Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica's!
Why does it matter so much to you?!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
Uh-huh.
Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
What?! You slept with Jason?
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Tony?
Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Does anybody want anything else?
OOooooo!
Oh, you're...
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
Hummus. I got the hummus.
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Is this a little too... Pheebs, what happened?
Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
No, answer his.
Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Oh, which museum?
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Uh-huh. Good luck.
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
Ready?
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Well, if you think it will help.
Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Yeah, me either.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it.
Maybe I could do it.
I guess so.
Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Here you go. Thank you!
Okay. Oh! Oh no.
We could have breakfast in bed...
Wait, just a second.
All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
Oh, that's it? A great idea!
Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Ohh!! Ohh!! And I love you!
Ahh.
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that. Losers!
Who the hell are all these people?
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
Like a date type person?
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
I sang. Hah!
You know who shaved you? That was me.
I read to you.
Well,... thanks.
Sorry.
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.
And, we're done with the yogurt.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
Okay. Yikes! That one doesn't look very fulfilled.
Oh, that's, that's ah, one of the old ones, he's just taking it to the back.
Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.
Umm, I think you're really, really great...
Hey, don't we have to...
Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
No! No!! It's me! It's me! I-I didn't want to make any noise!
Wanna play strip poker for practice?
Ow! My ass. Okay. Okay. Oh, shhh!
Then don't break in!!
I'm sorry.
Listen, um...
No, no, no, don't say "listen." I know that "listen." I've said that "listen."
I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
Okay that's so generous!
I'll give up my ticket.
Me too.
And I think Ross is generous too.
Fine, I'll go call her.
You were supposed to tell her!
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
Wow!
: We have apple cinnamon...
: OK... Dear Ms. Green... yeah... yeah... yeah... No.
What?
Ben, dinner!
Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Aw, God Ross. Oh.
I'm sorry.
Seven years. I mean we've been together seven years, she's the only woman who's ever loved me, and the only woman I've-I've ever....
Umm, this is nice.
Okay. If you're alive you answer your phone!
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
I don't know.
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
With them, under them, what's the difference? Eh, Rach?
Hey! My first review is out!
All right, look at my on the back page.
I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
I know, the babies are asleep.
Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
But my apartment!
Ok. Listen, just don't say anything about me, ok.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.
DON'T...be too long with the phone.
No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
It's Joey.
What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Well, get it off now!
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
Yes.
So how long have you known?
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
...so this guy was all And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. It was just so cool!
Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Did you find it?
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
Hey!
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
Y'know, I never saw that.
Ooh, it was only okay.
Hi!
Ugh, okay Sherlock!
I don't have it!
It's right there!
Look, I'm sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Bye-bye.
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
Oh yeah.
Oh you are so lucky.
When?
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
I know.
Really?! I won!
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
What?!
All right, stop it. Now you're just doing it to freak me out.
Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I'm kinda hungry.
Hey! Me too!
Oh-hooo, I missed you.
Least of all you.
Get out, get out of my apartment.
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Why? What you'd do?
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Can I tell you a little secret?
I know, it is.
Yeah!
Yeah!
No. No food with a face.
No, Joey.
Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. Do you want some chicken?
You have not changed!
I'm just taking it to be re-wired.
Hey, you're early.
What are you doing with the lamp?
Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
Sorry, I'm so sorry, I will pay you back.
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Phoe-be!!
And yet, she's still not hanging up the phone.
Hi Phoebe Abott, I'm your best friends daughter!
Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
Ahh, yes.
You're Erwin's daughter?!
Rachel has a new doll.
Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon!
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! Come on. Crazy. Oh my God.
Good, so do I
Something to do with numbers?
What?
Sure!
Okay. Hey-Ooh, cool sheets!
Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
He got it a flea market!
It's not in the apartment? Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.
Huh?
Where's your bed?
What?
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
They know you know.
Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
I couldn't even if I wanted too.
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Kick save and... denied.
White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
Hey! We're here!
Yes!!! Oh!!
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
Hypothetically!
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking?
No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Rach, look! Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. There he is.
They published my paper.
Oh, really, let me see, let me see.
Hey!
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
No-wait-no-no!!!!!!!
Women are mean!!!
Hey.
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Hey!
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
All right.
Umm, is-is that because you're out of toner?
I surely do!
Okay, I don't need any toner because I'm going to kill myself.
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
Oh, it's not!
Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
Seriously, it's moving!
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Yes, you're having a boy!
Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! Huh, am I having a boy?
I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy!
God, what happened?!
Thanks.
What is wrong with this freezer?! Ow! Ow!!
Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I got no sleep last night!
Why?
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
You guys okay?
I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Nono, she's gone.
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Why?
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
Sure.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
Aghh.
I'm just saying, this woman, I mean she's fictitious. No?
Wow! That's exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.
What?
Why would you say that?
Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady!
I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out.
Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
I don't know! I don't remember!
Bye, fat ass.
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Excuse me, is this your car?
What's up Joey?
How you doin'?
Yeah.
Such a pig!
No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Oh, God, he's such a pig,
Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I'll-I'll fill her ice trays.
Well, are any of those people here?!
Oh, no!! No, no!
Hey, everybody!
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Hey!
Hey!
Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Oh, okay, oh.
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
Okay... Okay.
Oh.
Oh, was I doing it again?
What I said you had...
Would you stop?
Yes!
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
Whoa, you are very beautiful.
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.
Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she's done.
Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.
Hey Phoebe.
Okay, this is where you and I part ways. Noisy bitch!
Yeah? Really? No one's home?
I don't think so. Hello? When you get in there...
What?! What are you doing?!
Good for you!
Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
Joey!
Congratulations! Wow! I can't believe you're nominated for an Emmy!
Definitely not his mother.
Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.
Please tell me it's his mother.
Oh, no...
I can do that for the kids.
Open bar?
I think so.
Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
Yuh.
Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
: That book got me through some tough times.
Oh, right, OK. Ole.
OK.
Um, now. Phoebs.
What?
Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'.
What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
That's not the end.
What about the part where he has rabies?
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
Hi, I'm Karen.
I wanna quit the bank!
Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.
Oh, I can still do that.
Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
How are you still single?!
Totally.
Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.
What? What!?! You kissed him?
Phoebe are you serious?
Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Who is it?
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
Hey! Hey!
Hi! It's Tom, I'm here to pick up the phone.
Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
Am I crazy or does this totally go?!
Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can't believe I found it!
About how good your cards were.
: Oh I see, so then, you were lying.
About what?
Heh... I was bluffing.
Well I hope you have fun tonight.
Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.
Oh, that must be it.
Thanks! You too.
Oh. Oh!
Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.
That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
Oh my God!
... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
Yeah. I'm Stephanie.
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
You're actually going through with this?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Really?!
Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross's wedding?
Hey!
Hey!
Noo.
I'm so jealous you're all going! I can't believe I never knew that you can't fly in your third trimester!
Noo.
Don't worry man, I get to bring a guest. We'll show him.
I didn't know that.
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Well, how much do you think he needs?
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Well that would help the pride thing.
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with pox.
Your face could be covered with lochs, I wouldn't care.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
They've been quiet for a long time.
Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
Then how come it is?
Maybe she killed him?
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Umm, thank you for meeting with me.
Thank you. All right.
Oh yes. Yes, yes, I am, uh-hmm.
Oh my God!!
Sorry.
Hi!
Hi!
Ohh. What is this?
All right. Did everyone get out okay?
Well, the giraffe's okay. And so is the pirate.
No Phoebe, don't look! You don't want to see what's under there!!
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
What?
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Say what?
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
No, it's fate!
I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this...this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Couldn't it just be a coincidence?
It doesn't really seem like enough to be fate.
Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Uh, Racquela tell me you massage, eh?
Well, Racquela's right, yeah!
Uh, I am, uh, being naked?
Fine. All right, fine.
All right, what's goin' on?
Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Yeah.
Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
I ate a bug.
Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let's stock up.
Oh, now you want a favour?
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
Wait, does he eat chalk?
C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Wait, does he eat chalk?
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Ooh! Oh!
Let me get you some coffee.
Thanks.
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Fine! Be murky!
Ooh! Oh!
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
I'll have whatever Christine is having.
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
I say push her down the stairs.
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
I helped!
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
I'm all better now.
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?
Really?
No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
A wandering?
Change! Okay, sit down. Two seconds.
Hey, Paul!
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Okay, sure.
Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
I hate men! I hate men!
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
All right, c'mere, gimme your feet.
Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
I just thought he was nice, y'know?
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Thank you.
I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
I just grabbed a spoon.
I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
What? I-I said you had a-
What I said you had...
I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
What? I-I said you had a-
Would you stop?
...Then I've already seen this one!
Pregnant?!
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Are you through with that?
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- -but, it's fine!
Whose little ball of paper is this?!
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Eeaagh!
Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
No, look, don't touch that!
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Oh! Yeah!
Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Ooh! I found it!
Wow. That is not a happy hi.
Carol's pregnant.
W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
She is so great! I miss her.
Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
What does she mean by 'involved'?
Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.
Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- -I'd want yours.
Must pee.
You're twins?
She's a waitress.
Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
What does she do?
All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now.
Hi guys!
Oh shut up!
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
Ohh. Ouch.
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
And everybody knows this?
Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
Good for me!
Y'okay, Phoebe?
What did they do to you?
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
What did they do to you?
Easy.
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Easy.
Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
What are you talking about? Keep it!
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
What are you talking about? Keep it!
Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
We're with you. We got it.
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
We're with you. We got it.
Chandler, what are you doing?
Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
What is this?!
I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.
And this- is my reward!
Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
Ohhh! Put it out!
All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out.
Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Hey, Pheebs.
What bank is this?
Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
Yeah.
Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
...What shoe?
From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
...What shoe?
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Hey, Lizzie.
Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
Hey, Weird Girl.
I brought you alphabet soup.
Hey, Lizzie.
Hey, Weird Girl.
Did you pick out the vowels?
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.
I brought you alphabet soup.
Did you pick out the vowels?
Saltines?
No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
I know.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Oh, that's fine, no.
No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
No, no, I ha-I have to give you something.
Would you like my tin-foil hat?
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Oh, that's fine, no.
Would you like my tin-foil hat?
Please, let me do something.
Huh!
No, I'm fine.
See ya.
A thumb?!
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
A thumb?!
Eww!
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Does, um, anyone wanna see?
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Nooo!
Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
"Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
Hey, I might!
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Hey, I might!
You're kidding. Oh my God.
And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
You're kidding. Oh my God.
What's going on?
There it is!
Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Alright, we have to talk.
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
We didn't change..
So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Look, I- I could go on pretending-
Did he mention us?
So how'd it go?
Oh, y'know..
He said he's really gonna miss you guys.
If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
No no no!
I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Yeah, alright.
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Yeah, alright.
Alright. Phoebe?
Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
I cannot sleep in a public place.
Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
I got no sleep last night!
It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
What's going on with you?
Why?
Thanks.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
You got it.
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Wow, you worked in a mine?
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Look, look, I have elbows!
Well, guess who my dad's making partner in his firm?
And while we're on the subject of news..
...Poulet passes it up to Leetch!
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Okay.
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
You are just like Jack.
You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
...Jack from downstairs?
No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
You are just like Jack.
...Jack from downstairs?
Ah, the other Jack.
