All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Yeah. You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! See?
Well, I mean, I'm not my sisters, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, its true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, weve grown apart, so, um... I dont know, why not? Okay.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean." Or, y'know, "Hey, Joey, you're gay."
Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. Looks like I was second to last.
Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn't heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look ! Isn't this what he would look like now?
Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
Oh wait, one sec. One sec. Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, which was never!
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and... Okay so Jason is sensitive, but now so's Vince Plus, Vince has the body y'know? So... It's really just about the math.
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Oh well, okay, hey, y'know how when you're umm, you're walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that's nice?"
Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. Not you Joey.
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
Okay, don't panic. I'm gonna go to the store, I'm gonna get you another set of nails, no one's gonna know, and you're gonna look great. Oh! Oh, it's 'cause they're gonna eat-that's the problem.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that.
Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
All right, I'm gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it.
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
For 99 cents, I'd eat you. Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! Oh! Look! Hi!
Thank you. Okay, go! Go! Go! Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. I'm so drunk.
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! Oh. Are you? Are you?!! Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. But for you, yay! Ohh.
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
I hate my regular clothes now! Y'know? I look down and-and I know that this isn't gonna be the most special day of my life.
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one's will even notice her.
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don't know where his country is.
Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y'know all the things that he's taught you. Like... Or all the things you taught him.
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Well, she's out of town so, there's gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.
Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
"Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" Is that too spooky?
But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...
Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just...be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet?
Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Ewww! And "Oh no!" It's-they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with!
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Oh, so this is all about money! Y'know it's bad enough that-Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
Well-But-Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back.
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...
You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
This is so cool, 'til Monica gets back, it's like I'm head chef and I get to make all the decisions.
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
Umm, well he's very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn't speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
No-no, that's not, that's not me Phoebe, that's her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. Best Friends Forever.
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
"Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease..." Darn it! Now, I don't know who to get to the next verse.
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. So I guess she won't be totally alone.
I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
And y'know, even if they break up again, you'd better not let him in your sad men's club!
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
Why don't take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I'll hold onto your card, okay?
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me!
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Ohh, I'm getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y'know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table.
Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! Come on! Rachel?
No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. That's okay, do you wanna get back together? Yeah, okay. Did anyone else hear that?!
What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married? No, yeah, I should.
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. Here we go, double sixes, here we go... Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I'll see you guys later. Thanks.
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, why don't you come on in.
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Oh, well um, not right now. Y'know I'm just gonna go to bed, I think the fumes are giving me a headache.
No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Like she's really mean, and she's over critical, and-and-No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Mon... Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Well, okay, fine, use my happy place. Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.
I'm not gonna give you tips! Look don't you see that this-this...this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!
Okay but if you don't find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass!
Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn't give to be that can of condensed milk.
Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album.
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
This used to be your room? Wow! You must've been in really good shape as a kid.
If you would've let me finish, it goes on to say that he's probably not gay.
Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore.
Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
You don't have to do that, Ross and Joey aren't here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Okay. Good, all right, let's get back in the car, 'cause it's freezing, and my chest is unsupported.
Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.
Ooh, y'know what, I think it's time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let's go to the balcony.
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there right now?!
Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! Hey, widow?
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
That's the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?
Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can...
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Oh God, I'm so glad you guys are happy, I was so afraid you were going to be all freaked.
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Well let's just say its she's lucky she has a sweet ass, 'cause she's not so good at the writing.
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
I don't want to go into the whole thing, but umm, we have words and I kill him.
All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. Oh yeah. Okay. What do you think, too much?
Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man!
Hi! It's me. And soup. Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good.
...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy...
Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn't tell, and I swore to like all my gods.
Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Okay, well umm, I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
I like waking up with you too. Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. Oh, I can stay here all day.
Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. Where is that other earring?
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea.
Y'know, for once, I am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things. .
Wait, am I missing something though? 'Cause I thought death was something that's supposed to be sad, in a way.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
"Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I'll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk." You just wrote this!
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.
Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. See, these names are good, and these names are bad. Ohh.
All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat-This is hard!
Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh.
All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Yeah! Sure! Yep! Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we'll get us some Mai Thai's, maybe no more for you though.
I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
You could get arrested, right now! All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power.
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
It's me. It's Phoebe. Listen there's something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Let's go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.
Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'.
You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
I'm so jealous you're all going! I can't believe I never knew that you can't fly in your third trimester!
Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
Ooh, oh, I've gotta go. Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. Cool!
I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?
I had nothing to do with it. Okay, it was my idea, but I don't feel good about it.
Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Ohh, you and your ways. Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
Umm, wow. This-this isn't gonna be easy. Umm, I don't think we should see each other anymore.
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
I'm telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you.
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I'm thinking even more than you.
Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
Listen, Robert's gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more.
Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Rach, look! Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. There he is.
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?!
I just like him so much that I just feel like I've had 10 drinks today and I've only had six.
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! That's it! I'm out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Well, look, why don't you just, why don't you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
Yeah. But Sergei said it took the Germans six weeks to get all the way across it.
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you with that!
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Give me your hands. Strings. Gimme it! Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
Ooh! I know what you could make! I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know.
Well let's just hope it works. Y'know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Oh, I was just here looking for, um, my um, my part of an old sandwich. Oh, here it is! Oh.
No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this.
I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
Ugh, it's so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could-
No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious.
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you... You gotta do something about your eyes.
Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?
Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. What's my number?
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we're married!
Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Okay, y'know what, you don't have to do that now. No-no-no-no!! Not him, you don't! Well the moment's over.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
I don't-Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation!
Yeah, well he'd prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
And! And, they're gonna have a baby! And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time... You don't remember?
Ross, you're tired. You've been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
Y'know it doesn't matter how much I'm craving it. Y'know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's murder, cold blooded murder.
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they put me in jail!
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
Now... "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer--Oh-oh! All right, I'll pound on him in the morning.
Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! Sure! Yeah!
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
Well, at least you didn't rent yours from a store called, "It's Not Too Late."
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross's. We'll be back in a minute.
Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song.
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I-
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
Well, I think I broke it. But that's all right, here's the number you can call.
Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'.
"Are you in there little fetus? In nine will you come great us? I will buy you some Adidas."
Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
Wow! And I'm a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I'm sorry, we'll put some ice on it.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Oh right, yeah okay, my Mom could, and I can't. We don't have that....
No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! Commercial
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.
All righty. I'll be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your special someone?
Oh, it's already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding.
I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
No, it's not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
Yeah, I can see where I'd be your best shot but, no. I'm sorry, but I think it's twisted.
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He's the supply manager around here.
Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
Oh, I Got Tired Of Naming States. So I Decided To List The Types Of Celery, And I Have One regular celery.
Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.
Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
Ooh, that is silly. I'll go up there, I'll tell him to keep it down.
Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever.
You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica's. I'll be right back.
Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
Well, maybe he wouldn't be she didn't bring the office home every night!
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Wait, if that's his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I'm just gonna need a small deposit.
See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.
Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
Oh, okay. Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
No. No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
I know! Monica's gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
Oh, they're just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny's funeral?
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat-I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, Jasmine, can you, can you ask Mr. Whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes.
Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
Well, it just, it doesn't feel like playing anymore, it feels like work. It's like I'm working in the field.
I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Yeah, but y'know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it's not your birthday!
Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
Oh, Ross you're right, I don't know why I always thought this was real grass.
Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! Oh for crying out loud!
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
I can't follow Ross! It'd be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!
That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
It's hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients.
Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. She doesn't know we switched it.
Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It's that bedroom there.
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
Alright, here's my $7.50. But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
All right, stop it. Now you're just doing it to freak me out.
What?! No, you can't, you can't leave me here with them! We're baby-sitting!
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I cant, I cant watch.
I just-I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry...
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
It's a trip for two! Excuse me. Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?
Well, I would love to but...the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!
Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.
I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Oh OK. Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.
Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle's ex.
Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. Sit up!
Okay, maybe it was a trick question. Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
It's not in the apartment? Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Oh! Here it is! Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?"
Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades.
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Oh yeah, I'm sure. And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.
Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
I can't believe you won't just admit it! Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
No! Think about it, it's a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it's...
All right. Hold on. I got it. Nickel! How much more do we need?
Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?
Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Oh, yeah! Back then y'know, we called the Great War. It really was!
No-no, it'll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
Ohh, you are so lucky! Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
"Whenever I get married, guess who won't get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!"
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy, I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like.
Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that's pretty amazing too.
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.
Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?
Oh. Well umm, okay here's a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so...
This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? Have you? Oh my God!
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here. Lily, from high school. Remember?
Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
No, listening! Sit! Y'know, maybe it would just really, really help if you would just talk.
Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that's better than Relaxi Cab.
If you wanted to punish them, you should've just made them hang out here!
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver...
Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin.
Hey, it's your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.
But are you saying that you would move out if I didn't buy that lamp?
Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital! No! What would, what would Krog do?
Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey?
Well isn't he your friend? Don't you want him to be happy?
No! No! Look at that! It's a line of ants! They're working as a team!
Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of of, OK, smells.
See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.
Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?
Oh well, all right, I got thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater."
That is unfair. I'll call her and tell her it was totally my fault.
Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
But what about all the "finding-his-flaws" stuff we've been doing?
Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
Fine. All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch.
God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?
I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop.
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Oh okay, well I'm sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. Yeah you're right, this is easy.
That's short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend.
All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
No! But it's the nicest kitchen, the refrigerator told me to have a great day.
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
I don't know, it would totally depend on her coloring and... You got the job!!
Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
And this time, they've ganged up to form one giant, super hat.
Okay. Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10.
And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
Yeah! Okay-ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music.
I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one!
Oh that's my grandma. And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.
Have fun. Oh wait, no, don't! I forgot I am totally against that now.
Well, I'm returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word.
Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?
Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape-, a rapist or a killer or something!
You've have lipstick right here . That's okay, it's mine, we just kissed.
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. Oh, hi Joey!
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know...
Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
Oh well, all right...um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Where'd you get too? We lost you after you opened up all the presents.
Well, maybe it's so big because the house was built on radioactive waste.
Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
Woo-Hoo! The curse is broken! I called everybody I know, and everyone is alive.
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
Of course I can! It's just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I've already lost Chandler!
Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway.
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these
Well, I guess we'll just have to put the wall back up.
Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.
Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity.
Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?
Okay, yeah well, good news, you're going to have three babies.
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Yeah. That's what you really want. Yeah, I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don't want to be the reason I'm unhappy.
Because my psychic is dead! She must've read the cards wrong!
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so congratulations! This is so exciting!
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Ohh, umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
No, y'know what don't close it 'cause the... keys...are in there.
David! What-what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be in Russia?
Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'
Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
What? What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert? Why are you laughing?!
No reason, it's just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please. What are you doing?
Oh my God! That's the creep that you're with at the Statue of Liberty.
Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year's Eve 1997.
Thank you. No? All right. Oh, it's so nice to see you.
Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.
I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
Hey Joey, y'know what? You are way to good for her.
Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look!
Okay. All right, this is my favourite part of the weekend, right now, this.
Yeah, I would've except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Oh, no umm, hi, that-that, you have to put that out, 'cause I'm pregnant.
Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It's over!
Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Oh please, somebody tell me I don't have to go to work today!
OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
It's not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common.
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
Are you sure? I'll bet there's another flight to Minsk in like...
Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York.
Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes.
It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh ! Don't make me come in there!
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me.
Tiger! Dragon! Iceberg!! Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That's not good.
I can't believe I still don't know what happened to the window in the attic!
Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
See, this is exactly what we do not have time for.
All right. Although I don't think we need one, I never stopped loving you.
No, no maybe 'cause it's harder to raise them, and the added expense, and...
I'm hearing what you're saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital.
It's amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.
Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Yeah! No, that's right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! A party! Yay!! I don't know why.
Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Y'know what? I'm not talking to you! You go back to sleep! And you, are you a rapist?!
Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
But people that you don't know and will never see again.
Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.
Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
Oh, you're such a gentleman. Come on! We're going to my place!
Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!
Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!
Oh, no. Don't you hate it when people aren't there for you?
Ross, you can't tell her not to go. You just started dating.
I'm a lady Monica, I don't kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.
Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Ohh! Oh my. Oh, that reminds me, I have to see my OB-GYN today.
So, I decided I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Okay! Hey! What do I do?!! What are you doing? Did you find the dress?
Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Hell, I'm drunk right now! What? I can't have a mimosa with breakfast?! I'm on vacation!
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.
What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot?
Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones!
Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.
But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
So you guys'll stay here and hang out with me?
Oh well, I guess Italian isn't one of the four languages you speak.
Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until.
Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until...
No, we're gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet.
Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?
I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant.
Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Hey, why don't you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.
Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Oh, do you need a hug? You don't have to bring me anything!
No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
I don't know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other...
I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay?
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
Yeah, and they've been coming by all day. They love it!
Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?
Oh I do! Oh, y'know what? No. Wait a second. I know it's in here somewhere.
That's sweat. You throw up all morning, you'll have that glow too.
I got it from your maid. She's a bitch, but I wore her down.
Why, do I have a feeling that's not as happy as it sounds? No! Nooooo!!!
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can't see him.
Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I'm kinda hungry.
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back.
Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
Okay-okay, why don't I sit here and you'll both stop it!
I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....
We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs.
Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you're so-y'know so...vanilla.
Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.
Oh, Joey! Oh, okay, see I didn't recognize you wearing, in those....pants.
Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
Ohh!! God! Ooh! Get out of here, good for nothing.
Oh, thanks a lot. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?
So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?
Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
Yeah. So um, did he ever talk about me, Phoebe?
And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies.
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
For what? I can't believe this! I gotta get out of here.
I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.
That wasn't a date! That was, that was just friends getting together... having sex.
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Yes! They called and you didn't get it! Okay, I mean you didn't get it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
Do you think that's something that he'd be mad at you for?
I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
Um, oh, I've got a birthday party, with some work people.
No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
I know! But if I didn't work there, what else would I do?
'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Does a dog's lips move when he reads? Okay, no they don't.
Oh, no, I meant that it's weird that you only have nine now.
Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.
Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!!
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.
You mean you stole it! Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Um well I don't really. Just genetically. He's kinda my dad too.
Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Kyle's ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?
Oh! I know! It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Well that's only two days away. What is the other option?
If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off.
He's just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
...so this guy was all And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. It was just so cool!
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special.
Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's made of honor.
Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
I know! I know, and I've only been playing for like an hour!
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn't Mother Nature amazing?
No! I'm not finished yet! Don't! Don't you dare hang up on me!!!
Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him.
We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Well, I've got to get out of this bed, I'm going crazy here. Crazy!
You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?
Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Yeah that's great! Next to that, Chandler won't look so stupid.
All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again.
No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor.
No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Y'know I'm-I'm sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Oh my God!! No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now!
Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better.
No but at Monica's you can eat cookies over the sink!
Of course not, because you're in love with her.
Okay. Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, then you learn here.
I don't know. I'll just handle it-I'll ask you to talk to him!
Okay. Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?!
Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?
Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?
I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here!
Okay. Wait, do you know how you're going to stall her?
Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the...
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Oh come on, they can be in the same room.
Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
I brought a bunch of stuff for the house, so check it out. Ha-ha.
What's the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler's!
Oh that's all right. I'm still full from your homemade potato chips.
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
So great! Okay! Tomorrow we're gonna drive out to Montauk.
And also, we don't know what to do with this.
Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
Oh, God, just do it! Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.
Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
Really? So she said, she didn't wanna live with me anymore?
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly.
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
She's made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
Yeah! Here! Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
What a great night, Chandler can't do it, these guys kissed...
No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important.
Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there.
No that is the last thing you want to do!
Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Mr. Bing's office. No I'm sorry, he's in a meeting right now.
You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Oooh look! Isn't this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Oh, can I play too? I've never played football, like ever.
What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.
Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room?
This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
No! It's not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!
Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?
Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Ah-ha! Okay, Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back.
No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Okay, look I-I-I do something nice, okay? I'll-I'll fill her ice trays.
Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Rach, it's gonna be okay! You guys are the best!
No-no, it's okay. But are we sure we don't want the waterbed?
Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."
Hey, you guys! Look what I found! Look at this! That's my Mom's writing! Look.
Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
All good, thanks. Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that's easier to rhyme?
So you wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
Oh my god. How many of those have you had?
Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.
Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time.
And do you know what girls are really good at?
I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see.../One of them won't do it, but the second one will set you free.../Tell all your hate and anger, it's time to say good-bye.../And that is just what I will do, soon as those bastards I work for die!/La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la......
What's the big deal, y'know? It's not like it's a real marriage.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now.
Yeah, after this, I think he'll be doing that himself.
You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
Yeah. Oh, that's gone too. This is Monica's bathroom right?!
Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48....
Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
Yes!! Yes!! I'm the next caller! You were gonna have me hang up.
Yeah... That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone.
Y'know what, but there is, there is no right or wrong, here.
Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
Yeah, I'll do that. So who gets to be yours?
Honey, you've got to go. What's his office number?
No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
You know... You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
All I could think of was y'know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place.
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.
Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.
Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She's not your cousin!
Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I'm not going die!
You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Wow! You really go all out when you're expecting company.
No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.
Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the fifties!
My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse.
You've got to get out of here! Save yourself!
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that. Losers!
That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist.
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
Ameri-can. Y'know it's a very hard language. Let's do it again.
Oh, it's so great to see you feeling like this!
Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
I've never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
So what?! That doesn't give you the right to ditch me!
Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
I lost a whole year! I can't believe it! This is so unfair!
Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just...
Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
You were great. But they still made fun of you.
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake.
Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
Well, I can't work with people who would do this.
God! Ooh! What is that smell? It's coming from the bathroom. Ooh!
Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So...
That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
Well tell that to them. Oh! You can't, their dead.
Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday.
And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. Oh I guess that was it.
It's just my knitting that's all! Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Okay. Okay, you don't have to walk behind me any more.
No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Well, maybe you wouldn't have had you run in the chapel!
So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff.
I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Aww, and good luck to you too! What a nice lady!
I can't have any. You know I don't eat meat. Ohhh no.
Oh right, like they're gonna let me have a passport.
In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
I was going too. Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
Well, I don't think Monica is gonna take this away.
What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
No, you have to let me in right now!!
Y'know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
Well, y'know we don't call it that, but yeah!
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
Um, yeah, you want Ursula, and I'm Phoebe. Twin sisters! Seriously.
Uh huh. But they're not your friends anymore.
New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la...
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Okay, but this can't be good for the baby.
I don't know, he just started kissing me. Get him! Get him, Vince!
Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
Oh, just go. You're never gonna get it!
Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
All right fine! This looks like so much fun.
I can't believe you didn't tell me there was a suicide note!
How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I've got-I've got goose bumps.
Oh, in that case--Yay! That was me hopping on board.
Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
It's such a shame you can't see which finger I'm holding up.
Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
Maybe we can like go to a movie or something.
Joey, I can't believe you would do that for me.
Okay, I'll do it, but just these three, right
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius.
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water's fine.
It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.
Okay, ask her 'What is her current method of birth control?'
Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy.
Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Oh my God! Go away! Stop looking in here!
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
I don't know! How are the-the-the-the, y'know-You're clothes aren't funny.
Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in!
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
No! No!! It's me! It's me! I-I didn't want to make any noise!
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
Well you certainly can't give her that stupid gumball ring.
So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn't it?
I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Oh well, lost again. That's it! You and me, outside!
Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it!
Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
So that's what you thought I did!! God! That's not what I do!
Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
I can't believe you're gonna ask Monica to marry you!
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Wow! That's exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.
Wait. Really?! 'Cause mine get me out of tickets.
Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn't here!
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I'm-I'm mad at you.
That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!
Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about 'bah-bah-bha-bhan?'
Oh Rach, good, listen isn't this perfect for me!
Okay. All right. Good luck explaining all the calls to China.
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.
Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys. This is so-so, not stupid.
Okay, good. There you go. Doesn't anyone feel better?
Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
: Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh...
Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with pox.
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
Hmm, they just don't make 'em like that anymore!
No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too!
Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
We were just wondering if Chandler's girlfriend is a girl.
Eww! Oh, it's all dirty. You should throw this out.
Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents.
Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Wow! You're good! After this, we should solve crimes.
Oh, you say someone's name enough, they turn around.
... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
How long has it been since you had sex?
Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Then I'm gonna have to ask you to keep it down.
No, no, I'm fine, and y'know why? 'Cause of all the riboflavin.
What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh .
Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.
W-w-I just-it's that-I have-y'know I have-I have an appointment. And it's very important.
Get away from that! No! She's just getting dressed.
Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Okay! All right! Yeah! 'Cause I just can't picture it.
Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!
Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later.
Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop.
Eh, better her than me! Hey, let's bake cookies!
Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
Three? You guys were worried I wouldn't even have one!
Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
His first big kid's bike, this is so exciting!
Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?
Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
Okay, this is where you and I part ways. Noisy bitch!
Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break!
We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.
There-there was a suicide note?! Well, do you still have it?
No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
I sense these things. It was either but or butter.
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
Ok, I've got milk Here you go... Oh! Better?
OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
So... What's the deal with umm, you and Joey?
Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
Rachel? Patrick is really rich. Give her some money.
Well... Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
The exclamation point in the title scares me. Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud!
Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
Ooh, my first birthday present... ..oh, this is really...
You saved them! You guys! Oh God, you're the best!
Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled...
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's... He's mad at you!
Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
Oh, okay, it's the slide instead of stairs. Watch this.
Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.
Oh, please! She's always got a broom in her hand!
Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.
Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again.
Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
I'll be a fool for you. I'm sure, you know I don't mind.
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.
Well, what you're wearing is fine for that.
Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Ooh! I thought of a good flaw! Ross pops his gum!
See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt?
Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder.
David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.
Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back!
I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Yeah, well, don't "Aww Pheebs, that sucks!" me yet.
Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
I know, you must've won like a contest or something!
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
Well, maybe it won't work out. Maybe Ross won't like her personality.
Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!
Oh! All right. Now, let's not do this!
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
totally
oh okay
uhhuh
oh oh
that is
do it
everything
always
already
eh
no you
cool
yay
leave
hm
ahh
yeah okay
oh god
i guess
hmm
oh
oh good
eww
definitely
what happened
noo
whats going on
me too
oh hey
whatever
stay
ow
hi
really really
i see
so good
and and
ok
and this
ooh oh
yeah so
of course
okay okay
what are you doing
oh no no
okay but
hey joey
what is this
ohhh
what what
fish
she was
okay then
yeah yeah
im in
stop it
thats right
kay
oh hi
what is that
okay
ah
got it
kay bye
what are they
yeah
our mom
its phoebe
okay bye
why not
excuse me
lets see
which one
well yeah
yep
hey
okay there
ahhh
feel better
here we go
you too
hey rach
jason
ewww
minsk
oh please
teen
youre right
i got it
but if
gum
hey oh
joeys
chandler and monica
yummy
oh right
well
ohh ohh
yeah what
the end
thats so sweet
heh
are you sure
there you go
i can do that
right
go ahead
okay see
absolutely
oh i know
janice
look look
uh uh
ok all right
interesting
you ok
yes oh
the movie
hey mon
ooh
yeah why
nooo
aww
im sorry im sorry
really
oh thanks
thank god
good idea
hey you guys look
give it
swear
what else
you know
oh i
god
yeah right
nope
how do you feel
about what
what are you doing here
ugh
how come
uhhuh yeah
i do
get in here
come in
hi guys
oh oh my god
uhhmm
oh oh oh
john
here he is
listen um
good
gary
no why
watch this
to ross
good for you
wait a minute
i dont
all right
oh thank you
neither
i cant believe this
congratulations
what do you mean
im phoebe buffay
oh my oh
waxine
marcia and chester
nono no
oh thats good
oh ew
okay whatever
oh wow
no im fine
so whats going on
a dollar
you wish
oh me too
oh my god monica
what is it
i know
hi monica
where were you
central park
just kidding
i have plans
oh my
this is so great
i ok
this is monica
what are you saying
this is so cool
i found it
shhhh
monica
hey whats going on
ohh no
its not that bad
god what happened
yeah hi
there he is
oh i see
oh its not
where are you going
what were you thinking
it starts
there it is
oh rachel
nothing nothing
my roommate
im pretty
american
oh my god
no joey
yeah maybe
ill get it
ross
rach
you just said
how do you know
what was that
ow ow
uh
sorry
youre welcome
thank you so much
oh really
great
you guys
chandler
yes
ohh
what are you talking about
whats the matter
rachel
oh no
paul
joey
love
huh
marcel
i cant
hi max
well he came in for a massage and everything was fine until
thats a bird
oh look twins hi guys oh cute cute
remembered what
oh its so pretty this must have cost him a fortune
ok now im gonna kick some ass
alright now i will let go if you both stop
there we goyou know what if we were in prison you guys would be like my bitches
see hes her lobster
were all right
waitwaitwait wait
knock knock knock
i got it mine
im on top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation i can find
we thought you knew
uh hello this is ross gellers personal physician dr philange
yeah ive discovered that ross forgot to take his brain medicine uh now without it uh in the brain of ross uh womens names are interchangeable throughthrough no fault of his own
no not phoebe dr philange oh no you have it too
hi so what happened
yeah i know but i dont think that means anything
you ate meat you had sex
i know you didnt i was talking about monica
this pregnancy is throwing me all off
oh right maybe ill just go home
oh look theres monica and chandler hey hey you guys hey ohh ohh ahhahhh
ahhh chandler and monica chandler and monica
oh my eyes my eyes
no theyre doing it
okay so now they know that you know and they dont know that rachel knows
or we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own
bye chandler i miss you already
ill have to get back to you on that okay bye oh my god he wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more
god they thought they can mess with us theyre trying to mess with us they dont know that we know they know we know joey you cant say anything
hes not backing down he went to get lotion
joey wow you didnt rip off any buttons
umm not without you lover so this is my bra
you should be im very bendy im gonna kiss you now
here it comes our first kiss
and why not
youreyoure what
i justi thought you guys were doing it i didnt know you were in love
apology accepted
okay im gonna go too
sells drugs to kids
just for a second
yeah well well see
of course yeah
im having another heart attack
this is patrick
so how are things going with you
open bar
this stuff is great
a birthday party
didnt you sleep together
yay okay
did you find the dress
all right good luck
yummy noises
i cant believe you did this
whatcha doin
oh let me see
tada
no but thanks
aww pheebs
ooh hi
shut it down
oh look look look
thats not good
nuuh
oh hey you guys
you do
wait
i helped
demi moore
not for you
stilts
ive found
destiny
wheres chandler
okay oh no
i had one
you said it was okay
your nails
joey whats going on
a couple hours
uhhuh uhhuh
ha ha ha
how did you do that
im sorry im late
ive never done that
yeah totally
shiny
thanks okay
who was that
well it does
yeah i understand
no no
what thats it
ok thanks
why what happened
thats what i said
ewwww
its gone
that play
oh yeah right
wait wait wait wait
oh yay
go go go
hey why dont you
no sorry
oh my god what happened
it worked
wow
its ross
what do you know
oh look at that
no nothing
that sounds great
32
chandler chandler
youre not going
i love it
thats weird
oh thats right
say what
it isnt
hi joey
im sorry
i dont get it
oh chandler
okay its okay
cigarettes
are you crazy
yeah me too
whats goin on
what am i gonna do
hey rachel
this is great
no i didnt
thats fun
yeah all right
oops
hey monica
like what
thanks
like a
noooo
okay okay okay
trouble
oh yeah
shut up
hey ross
sure
thank y
oy
thank you
please
i dont know
nice
fine
do i
still
ready
two
sing
wait does he eat chalk
just cause i dont want her to go through what i went through with carl oh
fine be murky
if i let go of my hair my head will fall off
push her down the stairs push her down the stairs push her down the stairs
raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens bluebells and sleighbells and something with mittens la la la lasomething and noodles with string these are a few
what does that mean does he sell it drink it or just complain a lot
ooh i just pulled out four eyelashes that cant be good
oh i wish i could but i dont want to
love is sweet as summer showers love is a wondrous work of art but your love oh your love your loveis like a giant pigeoncrapping on my heart lalalalala thank you lalalalaohhh
oh no dont hate you dont want to put that out into the universe
all right cmere gimme your feet
give her a break its hard being on your own for the first time
youre welcome i remember when i first came to this city i was fourteen my mom had just killed herself and my stepdad was back in prison and i got here and i didnt know anybody and i ended up living with this albino guy who was like cleaning windshields outside port authority and then he killed himself and then i found aromatherapy so believe me i know exactly how you feel
what i said you had
oh was i doing it again
then ive already seen this one
shes already fluffed that pillow monica you know youve already fluffed that but its fine
monica hi um monica youre scaring me i mean youre like youre like all chaotic and twirly and notnot in a good way
no look dont touch that
doy probably right before she lost it
ooh i found it
she is so great i miss her
yknow its even worse when youre twins
yeah we dont speak shes like this highpowered driven career type
you know if you tilt your head to the left and relax your eyes it kinda looks like an old potato
um not so good he walked me to the subway and said we should do this again
or or yknow um i think we should see other people means ha ha i already am
yeah no im just its i havent worked its my bank
its nothing its just okay im going through my mail and i open up their monthly you know statement
 and theres five hundred extra dollars in my account
yes cause now i have to go down there and deal with them
its not mine i didnt earn it if i kept it it would be like stealing
okay okay lets say i bought a really great pair of shoes do you know what id hear with every step i took notmine notmine notmine and even if i was happy okay and and skipping notnotmine notnotmine notnotmine notnotmine
okay id just id never be able to enjoy it it would be like this giant karmic debt
oh i cant believe you youve been so good for three years
oh no i i cant drink this now
dear ms buffay thank you for calling attention to our error we have credited your account with five hundred dollars were sorry for the inconvenience and hope youll accept this football phone as our free gift do you believe this now i have a thousand dollars and a football phone
yes yes like the man in the shoe
from the nursery rhyme there was a crooked man who had a crooked smile who lived in a shoe for a while
hey lizzie
i brought you alphabet soup
yes but i left in the ys cause yknow sometimes y uh i also have something else for you
no but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone
no i want you to have it i dont want it
oh thats fine no
no cause you need that no its okay thanks
okay alright you buy me a soda and then were even okay
i know i know i opened it up and there it was just floating in there like this tiny little hitchhiker
does um anyone wanna see
yeah cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered
does anyone want the rest of this poptart
sorry yknow those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb
and on my way over here i stepped in gum what is up with the universe
wait wait im getting a deja vuno im not
you know you let your guard down you start to really care about someone and i just i
did he mention us
if you never smoke again ill give you seven thousand dollars
okay okay if i were omnipotent for a day i would want um world peace no more hunger good things for the rainforestand bigger boobs
oh what what what hi
i got no sleep last night
my grandmother has this new boyfriend and theyre both kind of insecure in bed oh and deaf so theyre constantly like having to reassure each other that theyre having a good time you have no idea how loud they are
i remember the day i got my first pay check there was a cave in in one of the mines and eight people were killed
i worked in a dairy queen why
look look i have elbows
ooh ooh and i brought operation but um i lost the tweezers so we cant operate but we can prep the guy
you are just like jack
no jack and the beanstalk
yeah right see he gave up something but then he got those magic beans and then he woke up and there was this this big plant outside his window full of possibilities and stuff and he lived in a village and you live in the village
oh see jack did love the cow
oh like thats a word
oh well cause you just i dont like this question
i dont even have a pl
andand a power tie
big birds friend
oh i wanna see lemme see lemme see
ooh wait wait i see a woman
definitely not his mother
oh wait shes walking across the floor shes walking shes walking shes going for the pizza hey thats not for you bitch
oh oh oh okay fine fine now i dont feel so bad about sleeping with jason hurley
youd already broken up
right where weve been looking all night
oh ok you know what i dont get the way guys can do so many mean things and then not even care
you know if you want ill do it with you
no i mean you break up with janice and ill break up with tony
yeah i know hes sweet but its just not fun anymore you know i dont know if its me or his hunger strike or i dont know
whats the matter why so scrunchy
are you gonna go over there
this is nice we never do anything just the two of us
eww i dont wanna do that
ok have a good breakup
yeah it was really hard
ok you werent there
ok you can do this its just like pulling off a bandaid just do it really fast and then the wound is exposed
oh my god how many of those have you had
chandler easy easy go to your happy place la la la la la la la
wait here breathe
its like a gift
what a neat idea all your clothes match im gonna do this
oh he needed some time to grieve
the exclamation point in the title scares me yknow its not just freud its freud
oh oh but yknow you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys you could be one of those guys
based on this play based on this play
no cause this line is passion and this is just a line
oh yeah that is not true ross is this your fantasy
i cant believe you tried to move the green ottoman
yeah you are monica remember when i lived with you you were like a little yknow ree ree ree ree
ree ree ree ree ree
seriously whatwhats the part
no i dont think this was your shot i mean i dont even think you just get one shot i really believe big things are gonna happen for you i do youve gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go i got the part i got the part im gonna be joey tribbianis ass
hi um i want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about ok here we go ok thank you very much
can i borrow the phone i want to call my apartment and check on my grandma whats my number
well i never call me
eww look ugly naked guy lit a bunch of candles
oh milwaukee
new york city has no power and the milk is getting sour but to me it is not scary cause i stay away from dairy la la la la la la la
what surprise party
well he didnt tell me
this is so typical im always the last one to know everything
yuhhuh i was the last one to know when chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo i was the last one to know when you had a crush on joey when he was moving in looks like i was second to last
im on top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation i can find is the wonders ive found ever since
oh poor little tooty is scared to death we should find his owner
oh no the mendels they hate all living things right
he seems to hate you are you sure
wait a minute whats his name
oooh you are a very bad man
alright i looked all over the building and i couldnt find the kitty anywhere
ah well there you go last to know again and im guessing since nobody told me this is paolo
i know i just want to bite his bottom lip but i wont
you know did you ride mopeds cause ive heard  oh i see its not about that right now ok
oh look look look the last candles about to burn out 10 9 8 7  negative 46 negative 47 negative 48
yeah i think so yeah
i dunno cause youre smart youre funny
yeah you have homosexual hair
oh that sucks
maybe thats cause shes not really gone
hm i mean maybe noone ever really goes ever since my mom died every now and then i get the feeling that shes like right here yknow oh and debbie my best friend from junior high got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course i always get this really strong debbie vibe whenever i use one of those little yellow pencils yknow i miss her
yknow i dunno who this is but its not debbie
hi sorry im late i couldnt find my bearings
whatd i say
god what a great day what weatherwise
okay dont worry im just checking to see if the muscles in spasmhuh
you missed a belt loop
okay its in spasm
hey look whos up how do you feel
ooh thats so nice
what were you modeling for
you know the asthma guy was really cute
yes and her boyfriend but were celebrating thanksgiving in december cause he is lunar
yeah oh can i come
ooh ooh why dont we invite her
oh i believe it i think the baby can totally hear everything i can show you look this will seem a little weird but you put your head inside this turkey and then well all talk and youll hear everything we say
no we were just laughing you know how laughter can be infectious
look out incoming pumpkin pie
ok all done
oh im sorry oh i just i thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions
well cause then theyd be like my mom used to make them you know before she died
yeah but did they have to shoot him down i mean that was just mean
ooh ok thats it enough with the keys no one say keys
ugly naked guys taking his turkey out of the oven oh my god hes not alone ugly naked guys having thanksgiving dinner with ugly naked gal
its nice that he has someone
ooh you guys have to make a wish
come on you know thanksgiving ooh you got the bigger half whatd you wish for
that is so cruel why why would a parent name their child bethel
so you guys im doing all new material tonight i have twelve new songs about my mothers suicide and one about a snowman
oh oh good
thanks hi um i wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year
i made a man with eyes of coal and a smile so bewitchin how was i supposed to know that my mom was dead in the kitchen la lalala la la la la lalala la la
my mothers ashes even her eyelashes are resting in a little yellow jar and sometimes when its breezy
i feel a little sneezy and now i
excuse me excuse me yeah noisy boys is it something that you would like to share with the entire group
well cmon if its important enough to discuss while im playing then i assume its important enough for everyone else to hear
could you speak up please
okay were gonna take a short break
davids like yknow scientist guy hes very methodical
me too oh did you ever see an officer and a gentleman
well hes kinda like the guy i went to see that with except except hehes smarter and gentler and sweeter i just i just wanna be with him all the time day and night and night and day and special occasions
no no no no no no yeah could i just
okay alright i have a question then
um were you planning on kissing me ever
oh david i i think you are a sweeping sorta fella i mean youre a sweeper trapped inside a physicists body
oh yeah oh im sure of it you should just do it just sweep and throw me
oh yeah right now
okay now youre just kinda tidying
i can hop
oh hi max hey do you know everybody
no no he hasnt been around
i know where minsk is
so when when do you leave
um well max told me about minsk so congratulations this is so exciting
oh youre not going oh why
soso youre really not going
oh dont do that
oh but i cant do that
its your thing and
okay um stay
getting so good at that
and then your face is bloated
youre going to minsk
oh you are so going to minsk you belong in minsk you cant stay here just cause of me
oh yes yes yes you can just say um phoebe my work is my life and thats what i have to do right now and i say your work your work how can you say that and then you say um its tearing me apart but i have no choice cant you understand that and i say no no i cant understand that
ooh sorry um and and then you put your arms around me and then you put your arms around me and um and then you tell me that you love me and youll never forget me
and then you say that its almost midnight and you have to go because you dont wanna start the new year with me if you cant finish it im gonna miss you you scientist guy
everybody looks so happy i hate that
i dunno i dont feel like kissing anyone tonight
do you think they have yesterdays daily news
just wanna check my horoscope see if it was right
where ooh come to momma
we should do something whistle
i just wish there was something we could do hello hello coma guy get up you girl scout up up up
maybe nobodys tried this
yeah but did you see the dents in his knuckles that means hes artistic
oh and hes the kinda guy who when youre talking hes listening yknow and not saying yeah i understand but really wondering what you look like naked
yeah wewe feel kinda responsible
hey hey hey shes on
your mom was arrested
what about glen he could be a glen
ooh how about agamemnon
nothing i just thought id stop by yknow after the uh that i yknow so what are you doing here
no no no so um do you think hes doing any better than he was this morning
really not even to um change his pajamas
going to the hospital tonight
okay maybe it was a trick question um rachel can we do this now
thanks hi um kay id like to start with a song thats about a man that i recently met whos um come to be very important to me kay
you dont have to be awake to be my man as long as you have brainwaves ill be there to hold your hand though we just met the other day theres something i have got to say
okay thank you very much im gonna take a short break
alright whadyou do with him
look at you how how do you feel
well we both have
well actually its just from me
you know who shaved you that was me
i sang hah
i dont think you mean that
yknow what we thought you were different but i guess it was just the coma
ooh this is coolit says in some parts of the world people actually eat the placenta
woohoo first weekend away together
oh paolo hi what are you doing here
well racquelas right yeah
oh okay i dont know what you just said so lets get started
um thats really your decision i mean some people prefer you know to take offoh whoops youre being naked
nothing im sorry im just im out of sorts
all right you know paolo
well he made a move on me
oh yeah im sure and all of a sudden his hands werent the problem anymore
oh boy scouts could have camped under there
she is gonna hate me
um um rachel can we talk for a sec
oh ok um ok um
ok um we havent known each other for that long a time and um there are three things that you should know about me one my friends are the most important thing in my life two i never lie and three i make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world
oh i dont make them a lot because i dont think its fair to the other cookies
which proves that i never lie
paolo made a pass at me
ok ive got milk here you go oh better
im so embarrassed im the one he hit on
im so sorry no im sorry no im sorry no im sorry
no wait oh what are we sorry about
oh hes like a
yes good ok
oh i know its because hes gorgeous and hes charming and when he looks at you
should i not have told you
i think she took it pretty well you know paolos over there right now so
oh ok byebye
oh just look at her
yes youre having a boy
oh honey honey tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are like other things yknow like the phone rings and she takes a shower
thanks okay now go away so we can talk about you
i know i know so sweet and so complicated and for a shrink hes not too shrinky yknow
oh i dont know i dont know i think thats a little weird yknow vinyl
yeah cause hello these are not her boobies these are her breasts
oh this is my friend roger
isnt he good
oh okay feel better rachel kay
oh okay listen thanks for everything mon
good oh oh rogers having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys
uhhuh okay okay dont you think maybe though its just that hes so perceptive that it freaks you out
its i mean its nothing im fine its my friends theythey have a liking problem with you in that um they dont
but they dont see all the wonderfulness that i see they dont see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff they just think youre a little
intense and creepy
but i dont me phoebe
youre not see thats why youre so great
oh okay except i broke up with roger
i dont know i mean hes a good person and he can be really sweet and in some ways i think he is so right for me its just i hate that guy
hey joey whats going on
cause he was creepy and mean and a little frightening alright still its nice to have a date on valentines day
i know i am thats why i cant wear a digital watch
oh you know my friend abby who shaves her head she said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle you can do like a cleansing ritual
yeah so we can do it tomorrow night you guys its valentines day its perfect
ok we can um we can burn the stuff they gave us
oror we can chant and dance around naked you know with sticks
ok so now we need um sage branches and the sacramental wine
um thats ok ok all right now we need the semen of a righteous man
ok yeah ok oh ok
ok and i have the uh receipt for my dinner with nokululu oon ah ah
see there you go the cleansing works
hey you guys chandlers coming and he says he has like this incredible news so when he gets here we could all act like you know
never mind but it was going to be really good
so was it a lot more money
oooh i have something you can do i have this new massage client steve anyway hes opening up a restaurant and hes looking for a head chef
hi oh yeah no i know youre a chef i know and i thought of you first but um chandlers the one who needs a job right now so
well he wants to do some ecclectic so hes looking for someone who can you know create the entire menu
yeah i know so what do you think
ok oh monica guess what
where are you going mr suityman
ooh brians song
ooh i know what you could make i know oh you should definitely make that thing you know with the stuff you know that thing with the stuff ok i dont know
oh is this the bug lady
thats so great cause you already know how to do that
ten dollars an hour for what
wow its huge its so much bigger than the cubicle oh this is a cube
oh you have a window
oh look that guys peeing
mmmmmm everything smells so delicious you know i cant remember a time i smelt such a delicious combination of of ok smells
in the cab on the way over steve blazed up a doobie
smoked a joint you know lit a bone weed hemp ganja
yeah you know all those yummy noises i wasnt faking
you guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something
sorry how about over here
see that just means its working does this hurt
ooh ooh fun okay um liam neeson
morly safer
the woman who cuts my hair
rifts yeah i know
hmmm yeah so um is she fat
where were you standing
its mostly just dumb sister stuff you know i mean like everyone always thought of her as the pretty one you know oh oh she was the first one to start walking even though i did it later that same day but to my parents by then it was like yeah right well what else is new
why why would you wanna do that why
well i mean im not my sisters you know whatever and um i mean its true we were one egg once but err you know weve grown apart so um i dont know why not okay
well what i really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me
ooh bath salts would be nice
right and its me
much as you are
ooh my first birthday present oh this is really
ohhh sure yeah okay it fits
that you like we get it you like her great
alright well maybe now its not okay
alright could i just ask you one question
have you two you know like you know you know yet
alright so can we turn this off can we just make it make them go away because i cant i cant watch
yeah its just you know its this whole stupid ursula thing its
um yeah look i mean im not saying shes like evil or anything she just you know shes always breaking my stuff when i was eight and i wouldnt let her have my judy jetson thermos so she threw it under the bus and then oh and then there was randy brown who was like have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend
well but thats what he was for me and she you know kind of stole him away and then broke his heart and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more because he said he didnt wanna be around anything that looked like either one of us
i mean i know joey is not my boyfriend or my thermos or anything but
but hes falling in love with her
oh okay oh
oh oh oh this is so great oh my god this was not at all scary hi everybody hi betty betty hi you found betty oh my god this is great everybody i love is in the same room wheres joey
oh no dont you hate it when people arent there for you
um you you got a minute
um oh i got you a birthday present
right like the kind you
howd you know i was coming
so whats the deal with umm you and joey
joey you know um hes really nutsy about you
so um are you gonna call him
no no food with a face
yeah you too
 yeah um you know you you should just forget about what i said under the bridge i was talkin crazy that night i was so drunk
thats right i dont but i was i was drunk on you
okay yeah so its not gonna work
if it was would you stop hanging out with her
um then yes its cause of phoebe so you know its either her or me
you know youre gonna be really really hard to get over
yeah oooh
is he alright
 dear ms green thank you for your inquiry however oh
 your visa bill is huge
yeah what is that like some kind of guy thing like some kind of sexist guy thing like its poker so only guys can play
oh ok so then what is it some kind of you know like like some kind of yknow like alright what is it
ok i just need two the um ten of spades and the six of clubs
but im ready so just deal
 oh i see so then you were lying
about how good your cards were
aha and what is bluffing is it not another word for lying
ok monica i had another answer all ready
oh hello kettle this is monica youre black
oh its like the mother ship is calling you home
ross could we please please please listen to anything else
yes we should i think we should
alright heres my 750 but i think you should know that this money is cursed
oh i cursed it so now bad things will happen to he who spends it
hey you guys look the oneeyed jack follows me wherever i go right ok serious poker
yes  or no
you guys you know what i just realized joker is poker with a j coincidence
yeah um im out
monica in or out
ok joey your bet
me too rachel
plus that shirt doesnt really match those pants
yknow theres gonna be lots of other stuff
iim sorry it wasnt one of those movies with like yknow guns and bombs and like buses going really fast
hugh hugh grant
whoah ooh why is the air in here so negative
no which one the right or left cause the left one is lucky
why would you leave your belgian waffle in the hall
okay thank you mr heckles
oh is that who the monkeys named after
oh my god youd put that poor little creature in jail
yes but there isnt always time
dundunduuuur sorry
something just brushed up against my right leg
oh its okay it was just my left leg
yeah oh cmere marcel oh marcel cmere
yeah think so oh huh whoah
oh this is so intense one side of my butt is totally asleep and the other side has no idea
oh oooh ooh ooh ooh my butt cheek is waking up oooh ooh
how can people do that oh you guys look ugly naked guy got gravity boots
oh god just do it call her stop being so testosteroney
so uh why didnt you say anything
okay theyre just talking
no no actually hes smiling and oh my god dont do that
that man across the street just kicked that pigeon oh
not a good day for birds
oh my god go away stop looking in here
you cook naked
yknow if you want you can call her machine and if she has a lot of beeps that means she probably didnt get her messages yet
how many beeps
howd he take it
rdtor
you know hes gay
oh the yuk ross hes doing it again
this is madness its madness i tell you for the love of god monica dont do it thank you
lotsa things
i think she means you dance a dance class oh cmon cmon
im totally getting it
okay and my dead mother says you are it im with rachel
hey we found her we found the girl
popes in a volkswagen i love that joke
id say that chairs taking the brunt
flame boy
okay goodbye little monkey guy alright i wrote you this poem okay but dont eat it till you get on the plane
doing it on this table
uh uh gimme can you see me operating a drill press
just for some shorttermwork you know until i get back some of my massage clients
no nothing like that i was justsuch a dummie i taught this massageyourselfathomeworkshop and they are
what i could i could do it what is it
i could be a secretary
well maybe 2526
oh uh im on
mr bings office no im sorry hes in a meeting right now
will he know what this is in reference to and he has your number all right ill see that he gets the message bye bye
ross says hi
this is so fun all right what do we do now
most likely okay im gonna be out there
all right bye bye
oh exellent everyone was so so nice
no i didnt tell anybody that i knew you
oh because you know they dont like you
i thought you knew that
everyone except for uh no everyone
dont feel bad you know they used to like you a lot but then you got promoted and you know now youre like mr boss man you know mr bing mr bing boss man bing
yeah yeah they even do you
you know like uh okay uh could that report be any later
that is so sweet you guys
ooh oh ive gotta go whoa oh head rush one more and then i have to go cool
um oh ive got a birthday party with some work people
no i know thats a part of the whole you know themnotlikingyouextravaganza
well then you should come tonight you know just hang out with them let them see what a great guy you still are
oh but could we not go together ii dont wanna be the geek that invited the boss
you were great but they still made fun of you
you know now youre more like you know like mr caring boss mr you know im one of you boss mr i wanna be your buddy boss man bing
well you know what chandler i think youve gotta face it youre like the guy in the big office you know youre the one that hires them that fires them they still say youre a great boss
uh huh but theyre not your friends anymore
i just thought we might be here for awhile you know things might get musical
theyre tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch and soon theyll grow up and resent you so much now theyre yelling at you and you dont know why you cry and you cry and you cry and you cry and you cry and you cry
hey ooh look at you dressydress
hey hey ok all right thats it get in here come on my god you guys i dont believe you there are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing so just stop all the yelling just stop it
dont make me do this again i dont like my voice like this
ok who wants to hear something ironic
they found their bodies the very next day they found their bodies the very next la la la la la la
i mean well cause when i was growing up you know my dad left and my mother died and my stepfather went to jail so i barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one and heres this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that theyre fighting over who gets to love it the most and its not even born yet its just its just the luckiest baby in the whole world im sorry you were fighting
hi im ben im hospital worker ben its ben to the rescue
well susan i see what appears to be a dark vent wait yes it is in fact a dark vent
you guys hes beautiful
susan he looks just like you
oh look look hes closing his eyes look hes opening his eyes
oh look hes closing his eyes again
oh look hes got rosss haircut
wow ooh youre gonna be making money hand over fist
weve got the groundup flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys ew
so how are things going with you two is she becoming your special someone
how long did you think this barbecue was gonna last
jeez you say one thing and
hi ben im your father i am the head aaaaaahhhh alright this barbecue is gonna be very fun
oh well see theres this guy she met at the
so you do know who he is sorry
oh hey yknow what tell them that bone story
oh its dr seuss
i know this is really really huge
nuhuh i dont think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again
here look alright does this help
yeah but yknow its it would be like starting on the fifteenth date
no i mean i mean when youre at the fifteenth date yknow youre already in a very relationshippy place yknow its youre committed
well i mean then what happens if it doesnt work out
maybe theres someone else
ok so this is pretty much whats happened so far ross was in love with rachel since you know forever but every time he tried to tell her something kind of got in the way like cats and italian guys finally chandler was like forget about her but when ross was in china on his dig chandler let it slip that ross was in love with rachel she was like oh my god so she went to the airport to meet him when he came back but what she didnt know was that ross was getting off the plane with another woman uhoh so thats pretty much everything you need to know but enough about us so howve you been
oh my god this is huge this is bigger than huge this is like all right whats bigger than huge
cause you know if you dont look good we dont look good i love that voice
oh ok how its been so long since youve had sex youre wondering if theyve changed it
all right so what were you thinking
because im just im incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak
i know im not but you are and i was trying to spare your feelings
im still on no
ok youre gonna have to not touch my ass
all right ok but but you have to promise that you will not be all like controly and bossy and monica about it
all right now some of you are gonna get cut and some of you arent but i promise none of you are gonna feel a thing
all right thats it i quit
yeah but this isnt the face of a person who trusts a person ok this is the face of a person who you know doesnt trust a person
would you relax i know what i am doing this is how he wears it
well he was a he in arthur and in ten
oh my god im sorry im sorry which ones demi moore
oh shes got gorgeous hair
its too soon to tell shes resting which is a good sign
im not gonna lie to you ross it doesnt look good i put a clip on one side which seems to have stopped the curling
your hair looks too good i think it would upset her ross why dont you come on in
oh yeah oh i can do that
you wanna do it right now
ok i just wanna be really sure this time andie mcdowells the girl from four weddings and a funeral right
oh yeah ok thank you
oh look at these hey ben just do it oh my god oh ok was that too much pressure for him
i cant i have to take my grandmother to the vet
monica she will kill you she will kill you like a dog in the street
woof woof
oh all right what did i have
oh no wonder i dont feel full
i went shopping with monica all day and i had a salad
um we went shopping for um for fur
yes and then i realized im against that and uh so then we bought some uh boobs
bras we bought bras we bought bras
ben dinner
duh i think i know how to heat breast milk ok
i licked my arm what
you wont even taste it
not even if you just pretend that its milk
oh i tasted bens milk and ross freaked out
come on it doesnt taste bad
you guys um i know that this really doesnt have anything to do with me but um i love you guys too oh i really needed that
you name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason
i miss janice though hello chandler bing
ok its very faint but i can still sense him in the building go into the light mr heckles
im sorry but sometimes they need help thats fine go ahead and scoff you know therere a lot of things that i dont believe in but that doesnt mean theyre not true
like crop circles or the bermuda triangle or evolution
nah not really
i dont know its just you knowmonkeys darwin you know its a its a nice story i just think its a little too easy
yeah i just dont buy it
ok dont get me started on gravity
well its not so much that you know like i dont believe in it you know its justi dont know lately i get the feeling that im not so much being pulled down as i am being pushed
just dont look at this funky shirt
really you can actually see it
huh so now the real question is who put those fossils there and why
maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts
look cant we just say that you believe in something and i dont
what is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you no whats that all about i think i think maybe its time you put ross under the microscope
hes even kind of cute
id call that excessive
janice you called janice
uhoh its scary scientist man
ok look before you even start im not denying evolution ok im just saying that its one of the possibilities
ok ross could you just open your mind like this much ok wasnt there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat and up until like what 50 years ago you all thought the atom was the smallest thing until you split it open and this like whole mess of crap came out now are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you cant admit that theres a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this
i cant believe you caved
you just abandoned your whole belief system i mean before i didnt agree with you but at least i respected you how how how are you going to go into work tomorrow how how are you going to face the other science guys how how are you going to face yourself oh that was fun so whos hungry
ok i didnt see it because i was putting on my jacket but i uh want to believe you
uh huh why is that
chandler you called janice thats how much you wanted to be with someone
well i mean im not married married ya know hes just a friend and hes gay and hes just from canada and he just needed a green card
im sorry monica but i knew if i told you youd get really like judgemental and you would not approve
ok i wasnt in love with him and i was just helping out a friend
oh cmon like you tell me everything
oh i dont know umm how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with fun bobby out on the terrace
you have a third nipple
yeah is there a hair on it
um im gonna go meet duncan hes skating tonight at the garden hes in the capades
ok no for your information im going to see him so i can put all those feeling behind me ok and the reason im dressed like this is because i think its nice to look nice for your gay husband
do i thank you so do you
sparkly so wow this is pretty wonerful huh mr major capades guy i i remember when you were just like king friday in mr rogers ice is nice
yeah well ya know im kind of spooky that way wooo
oh right ok ole
um the matador ole ha ha ha
so um so whats up you came to see me yesterday
ohh  k how come
i i dont i dont understand how can you be straight i mean youre youre so smart and funny and you throw such great academy award parties
so how long have you known
and um and theres actually a a woman
oh well is she is she the first that youve been with
i i dont know what to say i mean you know youre married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says oh im not gay
why couldnt you have just figured this out six years ago
so um have you told your parents
here you go you know what i just have one more question um if you had figured this out sooner and um i had been around do you think that i would have been the one who   no um im sorry dont tell me i dont th ink either answer would make me feel better
so your brothers straigh huh seriously
um is is there any chance that youre rounding up you know like from like 20
can you believe how much this is gonna cost
yes yes and its and we always have to go to you know someplace nice you know god and its not like we can say anything about it cause like this birthday thing its for ross
wow look at these prices
um im gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup and um take care
no huh uh no way im sorry not gonna happen
im sorry monica im really happy you got promoted but cold cucumber mush for thirtysomething bucks no rachel just had that that that salad and and joey with his like teeny pizza its just
fine all right fine
well thenlets
no now i feel bad you wanna go to the concert
oh its like a skit
sothank you
actually it makes us feel that big
im just gonna pass on the concert cause im just not in a very hootie place right now
oh well then youll have extra seats you know for all your tiaras and stuff
we just have to really really really not let stuff like money getis that a hickey
oh i cant believe it i cant believe this were just like sitting at home trying to guess joeys fingers and you guys are out like partying and having fun and you know all hey blowfish suck on my neck
hey rach wanna hear the new song im thinkin of singing this afternoon i wrote it this morning in the shower
im in the shower and im writing a song stop me if youve heard it my skin is soapy and my hair is wet and tegrin spelled backward is nirget
lather rinse repeat and lather rinse repeat and lather rinse repeat as needed
but but this is my gig this is where i play my my name is written out there in chalk you know you cant just erase chalk
and hes going to be paying this woman why doesnt he just give her like a throne and a crown and like a you know gold stick with a ball on top
yeah ok you probably did everything you could
oh oh my god this is so exciting how much am i gonna get
well you said that hes paying the people who are playing
well im not gonna be the only one whos not getting paid
no huh uh im sorry no no im not some like sloppy second charity band you know what there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play when i play i play for me i dont need your charity thank you la la la la la la la
 with the double double doublejointed boy hey so um are you the professional guitar player
right my name was on there but now it just says carrot cake so um so um how many chords do you know
oh yeah so you know d
ok do you know a minor
ok do you know how to go from d to a minor
ok um so does your guitar have a strap
oh mine does stephanie knows all the chords
terrys a jerk and he wont let me work and i hate central perk
youre all invited to bite me
eight dollars and 27 cents but not really cause i put in the first two just to you know get the ball rolling and to make myself feel better
no this whole like playingformoney thing is so not good for me you know i dont know when i sang sususuicide i got a dollar seventyfive but then smelly cat i got 25 cents and a condom so you know now i just feel really bad for smelly cat
its not even that i used to do my songs because it made me happy but now its like its just all about the money
really from who
yeah here you go
no no no im sorry its smelly cat smelly cat
better yeah
yeah much better and you know what dont feel bad because its a hard song
you wanna try it again
ok there is no top thats the beauty of smelly cat um why dont you just follow me
mmmm hmmm
thats too much sorry
no you are not you are very attractive you know what i go through the exact same thing every time i put on a little weight i start questioning everyting
no not wieght yknow more like insulation
your boobs are fine look i never should have said anything come here come here oh cant make hands meet
oh um it was nice took him to a romantic restraunt ordered champagne nice
nope zilch nothin uhuh
look i yknow i dont mind taking it slow i like him a lot yknow hes really interesting and hes really sweet and why wont he give it up
no whadya mean hes not british
oohh um no i dont think thats the problem cause we went um dancing the other night and the way he held me so close and the way he was looking into my eyes i just like definitely felt something
no i felt it on my hip you could tell
ooh oh rachel dont look
so i figured it out
why scott doesnt want to sleep with me its cause im not sexy enough
really thats so sweet i mean im officially offended but sweet
youre right youre right ah you are so yumm
how come youre watching a rabbi play electric guitar
so scott asked me to come over for lunch today and i did
yay me
well i finally took your advice and asked him what was going on
he said that um he understands how sex can be like a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that i was gonna get all yknow like ohh is he gonna call me the next day and yknow where is this going and ya know blahlalalala so he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious
yeah so i said ok relax please yknow i mean sex can be just about two people right there in the moment yknow its if he wants to see me again he can call and if not thats fine too so after a looooot of talking   i convinced him
ok all right we want to hear everything monica get the wine and unplug the phone rachel does this end well or do we need to get tissues
ok all right lets hear about the kiss was it like was it like a soft brush against your lips or was it like a you know a i gotta have you now kind of thing
ok so ok was he holding you or was his hand like on your back
wow what are you gonna use it for
hey oh so umhowd you make out last night
ok um hi hello hi ok so um this is a song about a love triangle between three people that i made up um its called um two of them kissed last night
there was a girl well call her betty and a guy lets call him neil now i cant stress this point too strongly this story isnt real now our neil must decide who will be the girl that he casts aside will betty be the one who he loves truly or will it be the one who well call juloolie he must decide he must decide even though i made him up he must decide
its not its not very thanksgivingy
what makes it pilgrim
no offense but that sounds nothing like her
oh oh sweet lord this is what evil must taste like
i i cannot believe ross even made this list what a dinkus
yeah by the way good luck in your next life as a dung beetle
ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ugly naked guy is decorating his tree oh my god you should see the size of his christmas balls
i can see that a plate of brownies once told me a limerick
not especially but you know what i think they had pot in them
happy christmas eve eve oh my god where did you get this
this is my father this is a picture of my dad
no it isnt this is my dad alright ill show you
no thats my stepdad my real dads the one that ran out on us before i was born
ok look see this is him my mother gave me this picture before she died same guy
its not a blue screen its just maybe it was just really clear that day ok i have to talk to my grandmother
hi gram whatcha doin
um gram um can i see the pictures of my dad again
just you know to see um
ok is this really my father
ok i smell smoke maybe thats cause someones pants are on fire
ya know in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter you have never lied to me
alright so what hes not a famous tree surgeon and then i guess ok he doesnt live in a hut in burma where theres no phones
ok that makes no sense why would the villagers worship a pharmacist
yeah um in albany can i have the number of frank buffay   ok um in ithica   alright um saratoga   oneonta alright you know what you shouldnt call youself information
hello grandma if that is in fact your real name
well not so good upstates pretty big hes pretty small you do the math
no i just just wanted to know who he was ya know
whattaya mean
wow thank you
uhhuh got it ooh im gonna see my dad wish me luck grandpa commercial
can you believe this in like two hours im gonna have a dad eeeshk
ok lets go
alright here you have to hold this
uhhuh yeah thats my cheat sheet
oh no no that side doesnt have one the paramedics had to cut through it
ooh this is it 74
wow this is it im gonna meet my dad this is like the biggest thing ever huh
ok here i go im goin in
ok here i go   here i go   im goin
no its just like ya know its a whole mess of stuff ya know its like yesterday ya know my dad was this like famous burma tree surgeon guy and ya know now hes a a pharmacist guy and  
yeah maybe yeah you know and and ill knock on the door and and hell hug me and ill have a dad ya know and ill ill go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me cause you know im franks daughter
well cause i mean what if what if hes not this great dad guy i mean what if what if hes just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us you know what ive already lost a fake dad this week and i dont think im ready to lose a real one
you guys im sorry about your shopping
oh i couldnt go in
yeah yeah no its ok cause i mean i know hes there so thats enough for now
ahh toilet seat covers is that what you were doing while i was getting gas
you guuuyys
oh we were just trying to make joey feel better
fun bobby is so great
half full of looooovvvvve
cabin of loooooovvvvve
yeah oh oooh yeah you know did you notice how he always starts his stories with um ok i was soooo wasted or oh we were soooo bombed or ummm ooh ooh so i wake up and im in this dumpster in connecticut
um cake
sooo whats goin on huh
ooohh why
ohh ohh lorne green
oh well we have to celebrate you know what we should do we should do like a soap opera theme
hey rach what time do you get off were all gonna do something tonight
but you guys came so close
ok ok dont get all squinky
alright dont say that hes probably always been dull you just you know set it free
rachel um hi
ok so you know what youre doing right
well yeah but no i mean umm doesnt doesnt russ just remind you of someone
oh yeah no no no no oh oh
you dont see it you actually dont see it
ok honey youre dating ross
russ is ross russ ross
ok noone is named sleeve
whats with all the bottles of liquor
oh i do its its bob saget she hates him
hey julie hey how are you doing
oh thanks i couldnt uh
um no huhuh one of my clients died on the massage table today
yeah um she was 82 years old her name was um mrs adelman
yeah its just so strange i mean she probably woke up today and thought ok ill have some breakfast and then ill take a little walk and then ill have my massage little did she know god was thinking ok but thats it oh but the weirdest thing was ok i was cleansing her aura when she died and when the spirit left her body i dont think it went very far
i think it went into me
talk about crap try listening to stella niedman tell the story of her and rod steiger for the hundredth time
i dont know i mean she obviously has some kind of unfinished business sit up
i know who it is you remind me of evelyn dermer course thats before she got the lousy face lift now she looks like soupy sales
i dont know whos soupy sales
in my day divorce was not an option
yes hi mr adelman thanks for meeting me
um do you wanna sit
i dont know how to say this but i think when your wifes spirit left her body it um kind of stuck around in me
yeah ok you dont have to believe me but um can you think of any unfinished business she might have had like any reason shed be hanging around
whoa thats a lot of stuff
im sorry theres laughing in my head
hey what a day i took her everywhere the museum of modern art rockefeller center statue of liberty
yeah i guess she hasnt seen everything yet ill be right back she has to go to the bathroom again oh such a pretty face
monica how did this happen i thought you had this all planned out
sir no sir
butterscotch no one all right youll be sorry later
oh my god now ive seen everything whoa shes gone shes gone shes gone go ahead get married go go
i miss rose
i know its kind of weird but i mean she was a big part of my life there you know and now i just feel kind of alone
ok thats so nice
yeah me too technically
i can see that cause they both have those big brown eyes and ya know the little pouty chin
ooh where are you off to travelin jake
oh oh ok so everyone pretend like im telling you a story ok and and its really funny so everyone just laugh now
i know i know hello
hi rob dohnen
oh i would love to have kids   youre youre the youre me play the songs that i will write for them
no uhuh im just im nervous so you know what maybe if i just if i picture them all in their underwear
im just im im im used to playing for grownups ya know they just grownups drink their coffee and do their grownup thing ya know and kids listen this is a huge responsibility what are you gonna kiss me
ok ok alrighty lets play some tunes hi everybody im phoebe
ok um im gonna play um some songs about grandparents ok now grandmas a person who everyone likes she bought you a train and a bright shiny bike but lately she hasnt been coming to dinner and last time you saw her she looked so much thinner now your mom and your dad said she moved to peru but the truth is she died and some day you will too lalala la lalala la lalala la
therell be times when you get older when youll want to sleep with people just to make them like you   but dont cause thats another thing that you dont wanna do everybody thats another thing that you dont wanna do
thank you for coming everybody therere cookies in the back
yay i rock
i sense these things it was either but or butter
ok hi again
today were gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals oh the cow in the meadow goes moo oh the cow in the meadow goes moo then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up and thats how we get hamburgers nooowww chickens
fired why
i cant believe it did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth
no what do you what do you want me to be like some stupid big like purple dinosaur
whos barney
ok rachel im ready
um yeah i guess thats me
sometimes men love women sometimes men love men and then there are bisexuals though some just say theyre kidding themselves la lalala lalalalalalala
ok um how come im walking with you
i know oh like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with van damme
stick a fork what
oh ok i dont eat meat
well you know you juist you eat them and you can tell
oh you just know
ok rachel why dont you start talking first
alright monica if there is something that you would like to share
oh alright stop stop the madness this is crazy who can even remember why this even started in the first place
yes thats right but still i look at your purse look at your sweater look at yourselves
im almost done with it keep your panties on
you know i think i want to write a song about all this
yeah oh except one of the strings on my guitar is broken hey chandler can i borrow your gstring
about 20 minutes closing credits
oh some guy she met at the movies
hang in there its gonna happen
because shes your lobster
cmon you guys its a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life you know what you can actually see old lobster couples walkin around their tank ya know holding claws like  
so do you have any other possibilities
what is that sparkly thing
do you want a refill
ok ooh ok you gotta give me a second i wanna get this just right dude 11 oclock totally hot babe checkin you out that was really good i think im ready for my penis now
i think shes ok
do the claws again
would you stop already get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay
hey now you have two oh now you have two
hey mon what is this
i cant believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch tv with your feet up
hey cool mine too
ok i can be a waitress i can be a waitress
i can be a waitress ok watch this um gimme two number ones 86 the bacon one adam and eve on a raft and rickem lalalalala lalalalala
its james bond
thats funny no cadillac cataract i get it no i get it you stay out there
you are so smitten
oh you are so much the smitten kitten you should ask him out
so you two are totally into each other
ok so what youre just never gonna see him again
didnt you like just get your eyes checked
we have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs
you know you should go outside and be with the threedimensional people
you guys are so pathetic i oh oh xanadu oh
youre not the only one who has a date tonight
oh god absolutely
oh you are so lucky
ooh look at you fancy lads whats the occasion
um im getting a lily for my mom cause her names lily
i think on my shoulder
um a chip a tattoo im getting a tattoo
no i think you should tell them
ok rach which which lily this lily or that lily
i like this lily its more open ya know and thats like my mom she had a more open giving spirit ooh foghorn leghorn ooh
what is it  is this cause of what ross said
i dont believe this is this how this relationships gonna work ross equals boss i mean cmon what is this 1922
just you know long time ago well when men used to tell women what to do  a lot and then there was suffrage which is a good thing but is sounds horrible do you want to get this tattoo
ok hey hey is your boyfriend the boss of you
ok who is the boss of you
no you are the boss of you now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip go
oh that looks so good oh i love it
ahh ok lets see yours again
oh ok oh no oh its gone thats so weird i dont know howwhere it went
i know i know and i was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh di did you know they do this with needles
wanna see mine wanna see mine
ok well then what is this
ok thats my tattoo
ok hi for your information this is exactly what i wanted this is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance its the way my mother sees me from heaven
i know youre just moving uptown but im really gonna miss you
hey excellent excellent watertable thing
yeah well me too yeah i think thats the challenge
so why dont ya show us the rest of your casa
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god you are not gonna believe this i have just been discovered
anyway ok now promise you wont like freak out and say how great this is until im done ok
ok i just met this producer of this like teeny record company who said that i have a very fresh offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of smelly cat
i told you not to do that yet and she wants to do a video
im not done yet ok god ok if that goes well they may even want to make an album
joey why dont you talk to chandler about moving back
ok smelly cat smellly cat what are they feeding you smelly cat oh woah oh my god i mean like who was that
oh oh i thought they were just watching me you know like at like at an aquarium ya know
ok smelly cat smellly cat what are they feeding you smelly cat ok sorry im just im just not getting that everyone um gets how smelly this cat acually is i just think that maybe if we could talk about this cause i need to feel that you really care about the cat
oh ok so um the cat stinks but you love it lets go
oh check it out oh check it out its smelly cat the video
now ok i havent seen it yet so if you dont like it well so what none of you ever made a video ok
i sound amazing i i ive never heard myself sing before i mean except in my own head oh this is so cool now i can hear what you hear
oh i am sorry but i am incredibly talented
listen you are not going to believe this but that is not me singing on the video
well ok the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign saying that its ok for someone else to sing for me that was my first clue
well i cant work with people who would do this
i mean this poor woman
the voice woman ya know i mean she has a great voice but she doesnt have a video
well i have a video you have to pay attention no this this voice woman shes so talented but according to the producer people they said she doesnt have like the right look or something ya know i mean its like shes like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants cause theyre not pretty enough or you know like like some old dog whos just kind of like stinky and huuuuh oh my god shes smelly cat oh oh that song has so many levels
smelly cat smellly cat what are they feeding you everybody
uh ross those are the only lines we have sorry ok you guys once more
no this game is grotesque twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar forced to play soccer forever ahh hello humanrights violation
why dont you play with your roommate
uh oh ooh are we not getting along with the new boy
maybe thats because you havent taken the time to get to know him lets remedy that shall we
oh yeah itll be fun
hi um i just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other
oh good ok oh nooo i have to go because im late for my um green eggs and ham discussion group um tonight its why he would not eat them on a train have fun bye
i know yeah ok talk to him
and a crusty old man said ill do what i can and the rest of the rats played moroccas thats it thanks good night
oh this is so nice alright i have to make a speech i just wanna say that of all the guys that monica has been with and that is a lot i like you the best
oh ooh soap opera digest oh thats one of my favorite digests
ok ok ok ooh hey new doc on the block days of our lives joey tribbiani ooh cool picture
hey is this true that you write a lot of your own lines
ohh ok i see what you did there arent you afraid though that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this
why would you kill his fish
listen sorry about your death that really sucks
but joey youre gonna be fine you dont need that show it was just a dumb soap opera
yes i was going to incorporate that oh good heres monica shell have something nice to say
oooh so so so did you read the book
didnt it like totally speak to you
yeah and oh and but theres theres wind and the wind can make us goddesses but you know who takes out wind men they just take it
yahuh all the time cause they are the lightning bearers
oh yes no richard would never steal your wind
no cause hes yummy
oh yes oh and the part about how theyre always like drinking from out pool of inner power but god forbid we should take a sip
ok this is a typical lightningbearer thing right there its like um hello who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes
i dont think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you
umum umum
ok question number 28 have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind i would have to say no
yeah ok well at least i didnt let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date
listen to you two its so sad looks like im gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone
i love you goddesses i dont ever want to suck your wind again
is anyone else starting to really like him
hey watcha guys doin
why are you guys so upset its old yeller its a happy movie
cmon happy family gets a dog frontier fun
what when yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyones happy
yuhuh thats when my mother would shut off the tv and say the end
he doesnt have rabies he has babies thats what my mom said
what whats about to happen ive never seen this part before hey travis watcha doin with that gun oh no no no travis put down the gun no no no no he hes your buddy hes your yeller no no no the end the end
ok love story brians song and terms of endearment
yeah i talked to my grandma about the old yeller incident and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness you know before she killed herself
oh ok murder cancer soccer teams eating each other in the andes
uh huh what is happening to the world i mean no no no cause et leaves and and rocky loses charlotte dies
with the web the spider she dies she does she has babies and dies its like ya know hey welcome home from the hospital thud
its a wonderful life yes ive heard of this
please i almost fell for that with uh pride of the yankees i thought i was gonna see a film about yankee pride and then boom the guy gets lou gehrigs disease
phoebe just watch that i promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity
does it matter youre ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off
hey oh thanks for the great movie tip
oh yeah you know i dont know if i was happier when um george bailey destroyed the family business or um donna reid cried or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed
i didnt watch the ending i was too depressed it just kept getting worse and worse it should have been called its a sucky life and just when you think it cant suck any more it does
ok ben this is the part where ernie buries bert in the sand and cant find him now ive looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again but ok before that happens theres some pretty rough goin for a while but i think we can handle it and theres just the alphabet but we know that ends well so ok here we go
oh im so glad youre here
ok right there that thats the third sign today right there
no cause you just said dad and everywhere i go today i keep getting signs telling me to go see my father like when i was walking over here and i passed a buffetwhich is my fathers last name
and they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end and there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken
no because i chickened out the last time when i tried to meet him so i mean coincidences i dont think so
oh alright thats it now i have to go see him
hamburger mcdonalds old macdonald had a farm my dad is a pharmacist
oh god here we go for the first time in my life im gonna say hi birthfather
hey hey no oh oh
no no no doggie please oh i do so wanna love all animals please no
look kibbles bits oh god alright get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap ok alright we have a problem
i just think that this was a really bad sign ya know i mean like the beast at the threshold you know its just like i have no family left ya know i mean except for my grandmother you know but lets face it shes not gonna be around forever despite what she says and i have a sister who ive barely spoken to since we like shared a womb i dont know this is my real father and i just i want things to be like just right
ok thanks sorry again
ok i talked to the vet people are so nice upstate anyway he said that the little fellas gonna be ok and i can pick him up tomorrow
yeah but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dogs ear grow back sostill hoping
i i dont wanna meet my father over the phone what am i gonna say like hi im phoebe the daughter you abandoned oh by the way i broke your dog
ok listen just dont say anything about me ok
so talk to her
it was an accident and and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose shes a vegetarian
yeah eight of them thats 56 to him you know also if if its raining you cant let him look up too long cause that conell fill up really really fast
sure oh is is frank home
just from a from a long time ago is he here
oh ok um i mean frank senior
ok so will he be back soon
alright im im gonna go im sorry about the dog everything im sorry
um well i dont really just genetically hes kinda my dad too
yeah so um did he ever talk about me phoebe
i dont know what to do with that
im not gonna but you know whats cool though ok if you had a friend named pete then i could say oh yeah i know pete hes friends with my brother
thatll work too
yeah thatd be ok
ok im in the book
alright so um stilts huh
hey nice boobs
yeah i agree ya know i think fancy parties are only fun if youre fancy on the inside and im just not sure we are
why not her
im sorry i didnt know
ok so i guess we dont invite her parents
ooh ooh did you ask stacy roth
ok here are the birthday candles wheres the birthday cake
and because youre both you know white women
haha thats great haha i cant wait to hear the rest of it ya know but i really have to go to the bathroom so hey come with me yeah yeah itll be like were gal pals ya know like at a restraunt oh itll be fun cmon
listen if you wanna go just go
alright i can get you out
shh in a minute im gonna create a diversion when i do walk quickly to the door and dont look back
oh no ooh ooh did somebody forget to use a coaster
great im seeing water rings again
ok ok shes taking the trash out so i can get you out of here but it has to be now shell be back any minute
no only the three of you any more than that and shell get suspicious
there isnt time you must leave everything theyll take care of you next door
everything youve heard is true
ok welcome to the fuoh
alright im sorry but these people needed me they work hard all week its saturday night they deserve to have a little fun go
oh no youre not supposed to be here this is the staging area you should its all wrong you should leave ya know get out or perhaps youd like a creme dmenthe
oh all right then i guess were going back into the hallway
ok rachel make a special flan wish
hey you guys you will never guess whos coming to new york
oh ok ryan that guy i went out with whos in the navy
yeah i met him when i was playing guitar in washington square park ryan threw in salt water taffy cause he didnt have any change
no no he is my submaring guy he resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together only this time hes coming for two weeks two whole weeks which means yay
well ive never had it i feel so left out oh look
yeah are you sure really
i i im hideous
hey ryan whats up
well no no you have to stay back i i have the pox
chicken which is so ironic considering im a vegetarian
cause my my grandmothers never had chicken pox please please tell me you have cause oh my god i forgot how cute you are
yeah or you know you could just wish that i didnt have them now
nope you dont want to see a face covered with pox
and you hate fish oh thats so sweet alright ok alright you can see this is me oh i am scary
i hate this cause i tell you i had the most amazing two weeks planned for us and almost everything i had in mind we had to be a lot closer than this
ok this is the most romantic disease ive ever had
that you dont stop talking about it
lets just play ok good ok here we go double sixes here we go here we go come to mama just getting ready to roll the dice
no this is what i do for luck ok
no here there ooh double sixes
uhh i cant stop thinking about it its just so hard i just wanna grab all these houses and rub em all over my body
yeah come on you know you want it you know you want it too come on lets just be bad itll feel so good
now do me do my back oh come on harder
can i please take these off i swear i wont scratch
its such a shame you cant see which finger im holding up
you know what thats it thats it
ok ill walk you out
i know we didnt do any of the romantic things i had planned like having a picnic at central park and ya know coffee at central perk oh i just got that
well come on who cares what that guy thinks what does warren beatty know about kissing ooh
all right ill do it i kissed him before i can do it again
uhhuh lets go oh wait i have gum okay good very good firm but tender id recommend you to a friend
oh my god you look so good
oohoh someones wearing the same clothes they had on last night someone get a little action
all right stop it youre freaking me out
i think my boyfriend ever so dreamy i wonder what our weddings gonna be like
come on like you never talk that
so hows your date with your cyberchick going ooh hey what is all that 
what does she mean by hh
are you the cutest
you know what i think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old or have two heads or it could be a guy
it could be like a big giant guy
we were just wondering if chandlers girlfriend is a girl
okay ask her what is her current method of birth control
well at least we know shes a woman
arent you gonna answer her thats like the tenth bingbong message she sent she wants to know whats wrong
she wants to meet you in person
what if the husband person is the wrong guy and you are the right guy i mean you dont get chances like this all the time if you dont meet her now youre gonna be kicking yourself when your 80 which is hard to do and thats how you break a hip
oh yeah okay great go man go put on your shoes and and march out there and meet her oh wait no no you have to take a shower cause eww no you know what you have to answer her answer her first no no you know what make some coffee cause its too much
chandler you gotta stop staring at the door its like a watched pot you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to never gonna boil i think what you have to do is try not to
see ii think that one that elton john wrote for um that guy on whos the boss
hold me close young tony danza
oh my god has she slept at all
oh okay that explains it i got a call at two in the morning but all i could hear was like this high squeaky sound so i thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum but then i realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call
ooh oh it looks like like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal
maybe because you told him not to
yeah oh princess leia and the gold bikini every guy our age loved that
um um its huge yeah thats the moment whenwhen you know she stopped being a princess and became like a woman you know
oh yeah ummm oh
no its just that i got this new pager and i have it on vibrate see ya
rach look oh hi where is my strong ross skywalker to come rescue me there he is
relax every muscle in your body listen to the plinkyplunky music okay now close you eyes and think of a happy place okay tell me your happy place
all right no no no not a richard thing just put down the glass and get out
well okay fine use my happy place okay im just gonna i have to ask that you dont move anything
okay all right so your in a meadow millions of stars in the sky
all right there are no questions in the happy place okay just the warm breeze and the moonlight flowing through the trees
all right betting and wagering of any kind are im sure not permitted in the happy place okay justjust you know thethe lovely waterfalls and the the trickling fountains and thethe calming sounds of the babbling brook
monica do you want us to take you home
thank you i know though
ohh well youre my lucky penny
all right all ready
we could not would not want to wait
i dont know you might be the first one
hi its me im coming over now hey what if im already there when your playing this message is that too spooky
ah oh my god you rrrotten boys
monica monica you know what gets out hummus
okay thanks yeah ill try that
hummus i got the hummus
that wont go with this dress though
well how could it not be breezy no cause youre youre in such a breezy place
monica you dont know that
oh rach good listen isnt this perfect for me
well of course not for tonight yeah hi
rachel didnt have anything that i liked so but she had this christmas ribbon and i thought all right fine ill be political
duh christmas
okay okay okay the black but oh do you have black with the little strappys
ill get it okay hi monica and rachels yeah just a second can i ask whos calling oh ew its michelle ew she she must have that caller id thing you should get that
okay were on it were on it
get away from that no shes just getting dressed
oh wait let me get you another glass thats been sitting out
ross went to get a cab so we can all no whwhat are you doing no monica no
yeah after this i think hell be doing that himself
um thats it no hey you j crew guy yeah why have you been following me i mean all week long everywhere i look theres you
oooh oh well this is awkward
um yeah you want ursula and im phoebe twin sisters seriously
oh youre not a dingus
well i mean look its its not your fault you know i mean this is just what what she does to guys okay
wait you know what i got a little story when i was in junior high school i went through this period where i thought i was a witch and there was this guidance counselor who said something to me that i think will help you a lot he said okay youre not a witch youre just an average student see what im saying
um well get over it so i mean you you just seem to be a really nice guy you know dont be so hard on yourself okay
oh thanks a lot do you want to get a cup of coffee
okay okay you dont have to walk behind me any more
hey oh you know that guy whos been following me i talked to him today
okay first im not crazy and second say it dont spray it anyway his name is malcom and he wasnt following me i mean he was but cause he thought i was ursula ick and thats why thats why he couldnt just come up and talk to me cause of the restraining order
ooh no no no no hes not like a kook no hes just like this this very passionate incredibly romantic guy that got like a tinsy bit carried away you know and we just get along really well and hes so cute
no im just gonna help him you know get deursulaized like you know like i did for joey after he went out with her
okay i asked for the news not the weather
oh great great youre doing great you know real strong going strong keep going
oh yeah whats this
um not even a little bit
oh okay then
good so what were you thinking
oh well hes yummy we did a little kissin
oh no no no no you know what hes not into that stuff anymore he quit for me
look he gave me his night vision goggles and everything
what hes not still following her do you think he is still following her
what are you saying i should do
yes yes oh
oh i was just here looking for um my um my part of an old sandwich oh here it is oh
um perhaps yes yes im sorry im sorry i was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister
oh well what do you know there goes my identical twin sister just walkin along looking like me what is this just like a freakish coincidence or did you know she takes this train
no no its not your fault you know its partly my fault cause i made you quit cold turkey sorry no okay well i mean i cant date you anymore cause your you know wow but um but i will definitely definitely help you get over my sister okay stalk me for a while huh yeah and and and ill be like an ursula patch
yeah just okay look im going um come on op op behind the pillar which way am i gonna go
oh oh its on again
yes it was it was him uh huh okay it was me
well it was just it was all so crazy you know i mean chandler was in the closet counting to 10 and he was up to 7 and i hadnt found a place to hide yet iii meant to tell you and i wrote it all down on my hand see all of it
yep and thats why we dont invite you to play
that is unfair ill call her and tell her it was totally my fault
what a sad little life she must lead okay ooh 
no no no i know i know ooh hi this is katelynn from phoebe buffays office um is um ann there for phoebe shell know what its about
annie hi listen we got a problem with joey tribbiani apparently he missed his audition who did you speak to in my office estelle no i dont know what im going to do with her no all right so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment the world does not stop
right well look um if joey loses this audition that is it for estelle i dont care annie you are a doll what time can you see him i need a pen
oh its your audition from this morning can i use the phone again
hi i have phoebe buffay returning a page okay well um shes in her car ill have to patch you through
okay go ahead um hi annie fantastic you got it oh okay um will he work for scale you ask me well i dont know about that except that i do and he will great oh you are such a sweetheart i would love to have lunch with you how about we have lunch next op went through a tunnel
it was really fun i mean ive never talked on a car phone before
oh i dont know i mean it was fun one time
okay ill do it but just these three right
helloo oh
no its not sorry
oh joey oh okay see i didnt recognize you wearing in thosepants
yes they called and you didnt get it okay i mean you didnt get it im sorry im sorry
but they shouldnt happen you know what youre youre in a terrible terrible business oh god i dont wanna be the person who makes your face look like that
oh now youre sad and creepy oh you know what i im sorry i quit okay i just quit
not personal really well they said that they never met an italian actor with a worse italian accent
yeah ooh god theres that face again see i cant do this job i
yeah okay no if it helps you okay yeah
okay so we got some more good rejections lots of stuff to work on
okay um oh the zoo commercial
no they said you werent believable as a human being so you can work on that
um the offbroadway play people said you were pretty but dumb
oh no wait im sorry thats pretty dumb
yeah no i understand
oh you caught me i am so busted
no but hes always late
yeah i did i think it sounds yknow big sistery yknow franks always late
no i know im just nervous yknow its just yknow moms dead dont talk to my sister grandmas been sleeping a lot lately its like the last desperate chance to have a family yknow kinda thing youre so sweet to wait with me
everbody this is frank this is my halfbrother frank
this is everybody this is ross
and this is rachel
im gonna get coffee
oh yeah yeah no were gonna connect yknow bond and everything
yeah i know what i wanted to ask you um can you roll your tongue because i can and my mom couldnt and i thought yknow i figured that was something i got from our dad
yeah yeah you can do it to
oh right yeah okay my mom could and i cant we dont have that
feburary 16th
wow thats close whens yours
thats the same month as halloween so um what kinda things do you like to do at home
okay so by melting you meant melting
so is it like art
um yeah sure why you wanna call your mom
oh well um not right now yknow im just gonna go to bed i think the fumes are giving me a headache
gnight bro
here yknow just in case
no kind he just makes it up
so far it kinda blows i dont know i just thought yknow that hed feel more like a brother yknow like you and ross just like close and connected and
i dont have time for this
which you just gave up really quickly
build the unit cinderelly lay the tile cinderelly
yeah hello oh my god i totally forgot well cant someone else do it but i have company yeah no look thats all right ill come in um frank im really sorry but i have to go to work itsits one of my regulars and hes insisting that i do um
oh im a masseuse i give people massages and stuff
well yknow we dont call it that but yeah
all righty ill be back inin a little bit unless you wanna come with me
no no you can get one yourself itll be on the house yknow what are big sisters for
no no no i wouldnt do you myself i mean that would be weird yeah no ill get one of the other girls to do it oh this will be so much fun hey are you excited
you cant have sex with her
okay jasmine can you can you ask mr whiffler if he can wait for like five minutes
so thats what you thought i did god thats not what i do
nooo why would you think that
whatever its the perfect end to the perfect weekend anyways
you really thought it was perfect
yeah um which ones in particular were great for you
right okay ummm
yeah i guess i do yeah
well ii wasnt hopping mad yknow
okay all right this is my favourite part of the weekend right now this
she wasnt a hooker
maybe all the rulers are wrong
wow its like a dirty math problem
oh that is so unfortunate
cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight
you didnt leave lipstick marks on the phone
byebye thats why i moved out
i think on some levels she already knows
okay well maybe not on those levels
why nobody good
so what are they doing
hey youre early
im just taking it to be rewired
no no mr heckles no one is making any noise up here
you dont play the oboe
then im gonna have to ask you to keep it down
its not in the apartment oh no i cant believe this is happening again
okay enough with the third degree iive i dont live here anymore
im sorry iiii dont live here anymore ii didnt know how to tell you but yknow everybody else knows
that was supposed to be a good thing i forget why just listen monica i do you know okay do you know i couldnt sleep for like a month because i got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions
yeah i wouldve except i had a big spaghetti stain on the other side
okay this is what im talking about this ii need to live in a land where people can spill
aw honey its not your fault yknow this is who you are and i love you and i want us to be friends and if i keep living here i dont see that happening
aww good what
no youre not youre wondering which cushion it is
oh its already closed chris gave me the keys to lock upwhat is wrong
oh no why
oh my god i dont believe it oh you poor bunny
aw hey do you think that susan person is her lover
aw god ross oh
i know no no yknow you dont deserve this you dont ross youre youre really youre so good
and youre so sweet and youre kind
well thats not something a girl wants to hear
you have chalk on your face
oh ross youre right i dont know why i always thought this was real grass
whos singing
ewww oh its the mattress king
yeah i cant say croissant oh my god
ugh i dont know monica it feels funny just being here i mean if you buy a bed from janices exhusband thats like betraying chandler
hi yknow in england this car would be on the other side of the store woo
eh monica it it feels so weird yknow chandlers your friend oh oh my god aw all right take this bed you can make other friends
hey ooh how was teaching last night
ooooh nice
oh do i have a middle name all right monica velula geller its that bedroom there
yeah so please please please dont say anything to chandler
oh hey hey nick the boxer lets see what you got all right ya put em up come on
yeah well i had to learn i was staying at the y and some off the young men werent acting christian enough
wow and im a vegetarian all right all right well im sorry well put some ice on it
kay put your head back
all right i have ya oh god
oh its the compulsively neat one by the window okay
im im freaking out monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldnt have all right i havent lived here in a while so i have to ask you something does monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom
i am soo dead
isnt it cool varoom varoom
i know you mustve won like a contest or something
im sorry okay ii wasnt looking and the store says that they wont take it back because you signed for it
when i was you yknow what its all joeys fault cause he left his nose open
its monicas bed what
so this has always been monicas bed what youre just noticing now how selfinvolved are you
well if you really really want it then its okay
no no its just my tooth
no thanks i have a good one too i just i i cant see him
because every time i go to the dentist somebody dies
yeah yeah first there was my aunt mary and then there was umm john my mailman and then my my cowboy friend albino bob
yes while i was in the chair thats why i take such good care of my teeth now yknow its not about oral hygiene i floss to save lives
well tell that to them oh you cant their dead
all right fine fine but if youre my next victim dont come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the tv set
although dont feel like you cant visit
well you could wait til i go to the dentist maybe ill kill him
well im going to the dentist so listen okay just be on the look out for anything that that that you can fall into or or that can fall on you or all right just look out okay and um i also just wanna i just wanna tell you all that um
no oh youre alive youre alive
yeah well well see about that can i use your phone i just wanna call everyone i know
hey youre not dead okay see ya
okay if youre alive you answer your phone
woohoo the curse is broken i called everybody i know and everyone is alive
oh my god i killed him i killed another one and this curse is getting stronger too to bring down something that big
im telling you hes dead what we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick
hes alive hes alive
ill be a fool for you im sure you know i dont mind
yes you mean the world the world to me oh
in you my endless love my endless love
hey its your thanksgiving too yknow instead of watching football you could help
yknow for once i am going to sit down and try to watch one of these things 
oh can i play too ive never played football like ever
okay so how do we decide that
wait for me wait for me wait for me oh cool this is my first huddle
okay so what do you guys really think of chandler
whats block
i thought you meant in life
oh i got it oh ew broken boob ow
touchdown touchdown
well okay i made a touchdown it was my first touchdown so
wooyay
i love this game
oh my god you dated someone with a glass eye too
all right no well i want to kill them to but their boys yknow how are we gonna beat three boys
come on mon let her throw the ball
okay oooh oh this is our last huddle yeah
waitwaitwaitwait so explain something to me though if if nobody tagged rachel then isnt the play still going
isnt there a national football league
umm this stuffing is amazing do you think we should bring them some
have fun oh wait no dont i forgot i am totally against that now
no no i am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime and their their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights hey how do you sleep at night
well ii thought a lot about what you said and um i realilized duh all right maybe i was a little judgmental yeah oh but oh
okay yikes that one doesnt look very fulfilled
you keep the old ones in the back that is so ageist
so what happens to the old guys
why do i have a feeling thats not as happy as it sounds no nooooo
wait wait wait wait wait no no you dont want that one no you can have this cool brown one
okay but thats why you have to buy it so it can fulfil its christmas destiny otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper tell him joey
well look no further this ones yours ahhh
all right yknow what nevermind everyone wants to have a green one im sorry im sorry i didnt mean to get so emotional i guess its just the holidays its hard
oh i wasnt even thinking about that
this is the worst christmas ever
you saved them you guys oh god youre the best
oh god bless us everyone
why dont you go up there and ask him to step lightly please
ooh that is silly ill go up there ill tell him to keep it down
yeah look i was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do and i am sick and tired 
well hes very charming
well youre just gonna have to try
well i have ah vodka and cranberry juice
wow okay i dont know how to talk to you
whered you get too we lost you after you opened up all the presents
how can you not know which one
we didnt fool around with any of them dwha dwha
ick you were eavesdropping
oh im sorry but i really like this guy and i think he really happens to like me
thanks you guys thank you
god i hope they kick his ass
morning rach im here with the purses
your welcome oh please not the one with the turtles
umm no its a purse and theres a thermos in it
a stripper at a bachelor party that is so clich why dont you get a magician
well can you dance at all
oh how was last night with julio senorita
oh my god oh my god poor monica
what he was with her when he wrote this poem look my vessel so empty with nothing inside now that ive touched you you seem emptier still he thinks monica is empty she is the empty vase
oh totally oh god oh she seemed so happy too
what are you wrapping
yeah its a vase
well not exactly like the one in the poem
remember how you said you were really dense about poetry oh
oh since tomorrow i met this really cute guy in the park and he like yknow jogs and blades and swims and so yknow we made a deal thats hes going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff
im going to let him
oh theres no such thing as an innocent burger
um chandler ross this is robert
youve have lipstick right here  thats okay its mine we just kissed
ill have coffee
oh okay i learned how to shoot a layup a foul shot and a twentythree pointer
oh i get more because im dainty
yeah in the back you want a quarter
what what you guys what is going on you not like robert why are you laughing
hey ooh dont sit down
yeah and first heres a gift
thats all right thats well i figured
listen roberts gonna be here any second so will one of you just tell him
please right now no every time i see him its like is it on the lose is it watching me
no i can spot you from here
okay listen robert
umm i think youre really really great
iiiii dont know i dont know what to say
ohho yeah a song with rhyming words oo i never thought of that before
why because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time
okay see see everyone else is happy shes done
oh no one of those look for the hidden meaning songs
hey leslie howd you know id be here
actually i said she abandoned me to write jingles
hmm bummer
okay no but thanks
well okay let this be a lesson to all of you all right once you once you betray me i become like the ice woman yknow very cold hard unyielding yknow nothing nothing can penetrate this icy exterior can i have a tissue please
yeah that was leslie calling again to see if we can get back together thats the twentieth time today and good luck leslie
well yeah yknow we were best friends ever since we were little our moms worked on the barge together
you never run on a barge
oh my god you threw pepper on the fire
its just yknow been a couple of hours and she hasnt called not that i even care yknow
you think you know me so well
i cant i cant she dumped me i mean i totally trusted her and then one day it was okay bye pheebs gone yknow what the saddest part is when we were playing together that was like the most fun ive ever had in like all my lives
i stepped in something icky
sticky shoes sticky shoes always make me smile sticky shoes sticky shoes next time ill avoid the pillleeeee
i a jingle no nonono no
okay well if i was in this for the money id be a millionaire by now yknow you just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie
thats okay all right im gonna play song thats really really sad its called magician box mix up
oh i thought you werent coming what where were you
okay dont give me a reason to get mad okay
no look i told you that i didnt want you to try and sell it and you just you big fat did it anyway god yknow what i think five years ago i probably wouldve done anything to play with you but i can do it by myself and if i cant trust you then just forget it
okay yknow what you have to choose all right ifif the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then okay you can have smelly cat but we wont be partners so whats it gonna be
yeah i actually am yeah yknow lifelifes gonna had you all kinds of stuff yknow you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow wanna hear a new song
okay jingle bitch screwed me over go to hell jingle whore go to hell go to hell go to hellhellhell thats all i have so far
hey i need an atlas i need an atlas
i have a date with this diplomat i met while i was giving free massages outside the un and i dont know where his country is
oh thats my new thing i figure bodies at peace make peace
icknecktreeanis theres a g in there
in your atlas
umm well hes very dashing yknow and umm very very sophisticated and he doesnt speak any english but according to his translator he totally gets me
me too although this city is my home so so thats dumb what i said dont tell him i said that umm you make something up nice thank you this is me here
okay yknow what you dont have to do that now nononono not him you dont well the moments over
see there it is right there
yeah but sergei said it took the germans six weeks to get all the way across it
yeah except for yknow when youre on a date and youre getting along really great but the guys translator keeps getting in the way
anyway im going out with sergei again tonight and um could you come and be the translators date so that when we its time for our alone time you two could split off yknow hes really hes kinda cute
hey dont call him that his name is spackel back harry
knock knock knock knock hi um could you please tell sergei that um i was fascinated by what boutros boutros gali said in the new york times
you didnt say boutros boutros gali
okay ah before you get all talky again umm could you also please tell sergei that i really like his suit
monica can i talk to you behind my menu please what are you doing
yeah but mischa is so interested in you that sergei and i havent been able to say two words to each other
that would be great thank you
oh yeah sure i just hope you hope you dont accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it
well tell him apology accepted
excuse me but umm isnt he paying for your dinner
plate yes plate
see we dont need them
american yknow its a very hard language lets do it again
hey why are you mopping your ceiling
wow i have the spirit of an old indian women living in mine
the mailman was downstairs so i brought up your mail
now what is fabutec
oh its incredible i so want to be a waxine girl
god do think it really doesnt hurt cause how can they do that
they have the best stuff in there
after applying the waxine and linen strips to leg number one
grasp one of the linen strips by its easy grab tab and pull it off in one quick pain free motion
was it not painfree
huh well the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial dont seem to think its that bad
owowowow oh my god
ow owowowow
for your information this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience
oh yeah come here
what what are they talking about
whewhere did he put it
oh i knew something had to be wrong because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday
should we do something
hi its phoebe listen someones gonna have to take my 900 with mr rehack cause its like 915 now and im not there
we could eat the wax its organic
no not the used wax
theyre gonna get through this arent they
yeah yknow people can be so selfinvolved
theyve been quiet for a long time
oh come on they can be in the same room
why what happened now
wait why was he yelling at her hes the one who slept with someone else
whoa he is soo unreasonable god although i think i understand what he means oh my god this is like 60 minutes okay when when at first youre really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then yknow you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow
yknow i had a dream where ross and rachel were still together they never broke up and we were all just like hanging out and everyone was happy
yeah and nobody slept with that xerox girl
oh hey look i found coffee okay lets skedaddle
okay your highness
um rachel im really sorry thats okay do you wanna get back together yeah okay did anyone else hear that
no its just that he got this new like home theater dealie and he wants yknow us to check it out
ohhh boy do i feel bad
why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum
him him ross
wait really cause mine get me out of tickets
well we were um sorta invited to go skiing yknow rachels sisters cabin
yknow what i can stay im gonna stay cause the last time i went skiing i was to afraid to jump off the chair lift i just went around and around
what does the sign say
no the no smoking sign theres no smoking in my grandmothers cab
arent you gonna go
no yknow what dont close it cause the keysare in there
okay monicas are the biggest
all right forget it nevermind you can have mine
yeah this has happened before
yep put more gas in
okay yeah triple a can pick us up
yeah what town are we near
then why are you answering do you at least know what route were on
okay we are at a rest stop on route 27 okay there is no route 27 okay either 93 or 76
okay hey can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop and and also 93 okay yeah no they dont do that
oh good oh joey and chandler are back
ross thank god
i ate a bug
listen ross we ran out of gas and we dont know where we are so we cant get a tow truck
oh its ross on one of his drives
you guys what what do we do about ross who drove all the way up here what do we do just like send him back and were then gonna go skiing
no i wasnt gonna ask you that no
yknow what but there is there is no right or wrong here
hey hey hey hey hey look what youre doing to chandler yeah look we know this is really really hard for you guys okay you dont all right you dont have to love each other okay you dont you dont even have to like each other much right now but please you have to figure out a way to be around each other
yeah otherwise i mean thats thats thats just it for us hanging out together yknow is that what you want can you be civil
okay good all right lets get back in the car cause its freezing and my chest is unsupported
maybe we can like go to a movie or something
or or the rodeo
all right yknow forget hypnosis the way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men
frank hi
but also what happened between you and your mom
your getting married
my little brothers getting married
yeah i do yeah
yeah isnt it fantastic
what hes 18
yeah im a big surprise
wow kids frank are you sure youre ready for that
oh good okay cause you were acting like you didnt
no i know i know that this is franks life yknow yknow i dont want to be all judgmental yknow but this is sick its sick and wrong
nono oh im fine with the age thing yknow until it starts sticking its tongue down my little brothers throat
but i mean do you think hes gonna enjoy it when hes up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away this is not fair to frank and itits not fair to the babies and yknow what its not good home economics
yes not out loud
yeah but if i do tell him then hes gonna hate myself i mean look at him and his mom i cant but you guys can please you gotta talk him out of it
come on you guys you have nothing to lose i have everything to lose do you want me to lose everything everything
okay im gonna go get frank
youre franks best man
well then what about you huh
hi oh alice hi thanks im so glad you could come cause ive got a real umm home ec emergency
yeah i know its a real mustardtastrophe can you help me
yknow what forget it its ruined
or instead maybe you could just not marry my brother frank
okay whoa sorry why were you just like all in the dark
oh yeah sure so how was your day
what umm what happened
oh no did umm did she say why
yeah yeah no i dont i dont know but yknow what maybe its just all for the best
uh well i can tell you why its its because of me but yknow what i only did it because i love you okay
umm well i i kinda had a little chat with alice and i sort of made her see why you two shouldnt be together yknow and youre gonna see it to one day you really really will
hey frank look okay i know that you think i did like this totally evil thing but i so didnt theres someone here who can explain this better than i can
yeah but not just that
thats right exactly all right its a good bye kiss thats good byebye okay no the important thing is that you see what im saying yknow just yknow this is clearly wrong okay ive decided im gonna let this happen okay can i just get my purse okay all right good 
we were out of doritos
wow i cannot believe mark asked you out
what so what are you gonna tell him
wow so okay maybe that means that youre not over ross yet and you have issues with your father
okay so its probably just the ross thing then
so youre like a zillionaire
yknow what you should like you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself
yeah or or or mississpete
hey why isnt it spiderman yknow like goldman silverman
oh okay there should be gold man
okay well he would turn things to gold
ahh his work is done
okay all right you yellowbelliedlillylivereddraw
oh its so great to see you feeling like this
wait am i missing something though cause i thought death was something thats supposed to be sad in a way
wow a house for dolls that is so cool when i was kid i had a barrel
no just a barrel
oh ooh oh monica its so beautiful
so im here ready to play
i brought a bunch of stuff for the house so check it out haha
thats a dog every house should have a dog
well maybe its so big because the house was built on radioactive waste
no no thats the ghost for the attic
well nobody wants a ghost but youve got one because the house is sitting on an ancient indian burial ground
okay obviously you dont know much about the us government
okay dinosaur attack quick everybody into the house ahhahh roof rrroofroofroof
okay fine come dinosaur were not welcome in the house of no imagination
the little ones do
look everybody look at my new dollhouse
oh okay its the slide instead of stairs watch this
the licorice room you can eat all the furniture and when guests come over they can stay on the tootsie rollaway bed
hey does anybody want to join me in the aroma room
what oh my oh my god what happened
all right did everyone get out okay
ohh what is this
ohh thethe foster puppets
oh my god they took my idea
yeah okay here you go
oh my god are you guys okay
umm oh about three months
whoawhoawhoa you guys do you know anything about chicks
okay well they are a huge responsibility especially at this age they require constant care theythey need just the right food and lots and lots of love
wow thats exciting you went to japan made up a woman
im just saying this woman i mean shes fictitious no
cause youre still into monica so you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you so cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together maybe something might happen and
yeah no im fairly intuitive and psychic its a substantial gift
absolutely oh i promise tell her what
no im serious i mean im intuitive but my memory sucks
ohh monica i am so excited for you
ooh i have to tell you something
but i cant tell you
well sure in a perfect world but no i promised i wouldnt tell and i swore to like all my gods
no but lets come back to that later
oh wait wait clogs or claws
i but youre so close no
oh just go youre never gonna get it
oh yeah he clipped on he said call him as soon as you get a chance hes at flimbys
oh yeah thats the word i use when i cant remember the real thing
no rachel thats what they want me to do my warranty expires tomorrow if i dont get through theyre not gonna fix my crappy broken phone for free we cannot let them win its us versus them
like a date type person
okay ooh im setting the phone down but im still here just dont go anywhere im still here dontdont switch or anything cause im im right here just one sec one sec one second wait one second just
what monica im scared
yes yes im the next caller you were gonna have me hang up
oh is the play over
nah i kept myself busy
oh okay yeah i put your stuff in her room and her stuff in your room
no no im fine and yknow why cause of all the riboflavin
im so so so sorry joey i definitely am gonna see youre play i swear youre play is very important to us thank you for your patience youre play is the next play is the next play im gonna see
i do i believe you
yeah but i also believed her when she said i was next
yeah i know oh good thing its one of those 801 numbers right
no no no oh nonono its has to be 800 cause all those big companies have 800 numbers every one yeah every big utahbased company has one
sorry im so sorry i will pay you back
fine fine ohoh
well i think i broke it but thats all right heres the number you can call
okay and then this is the coffee house this is where i play my music
yeah and these are my friends people this is vince vince the people
vince is a fireman
oh jason yeah uhhuh were seeing each other tonight
i know i know im like playing the field yknow like juggling two guys im sowing my wild oats yknow yknow this kindve like yknow oatsowin fieldplayin juggler
does a dogs lips move when he reads okay no they dont
that is so great oh i oh my god
well we dont nnnnneed a fireman wed wed like a good mechanic oh my god here they come well we gotta get out of here
well look if i wanted to see a fireman i would date one okay
and ii cant take it yknow im just always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one its making me crazy
well it just it doesnt feel like playing anymore it feels like work its like im working in the field
well vince is great yknow cause hes like a guy guy yknow hes so burly hes sooo very burly
yeah but jasons really sensitive
jason is not a sissy
god that is the nicest kitchen
no but its the nicest kitchen the refrigerator told me to have a great day
all right i gotta go i have break up with vince
yeah i like vince a lot yknow but its just jasons so sensitive yknow and in the long run i think sensitive its just better than having just like a really really really nice butt jason definitely jason okay wish me luck
excuse me umm is vince here
wow i didnt know you guys actually used those
umm wow thisthis isnt gonna be easy umm i dont think we should see each other anymore
im telling you if you want to take care of that thing you should go to my herbal guy
