All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Yeah, get out! Now!
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Can't wait.
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Hey! It's Porsche!!
Hey!
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Ready?
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
Enough!
Lean-lean-lean!
Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
This is so great.
You wanna explain that?
Where are they?
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
Yeah, I don't know.
What's the matter?
Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Nono, she's gone.
We checked. A lot.
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Thank you.
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
where were you standing?
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, Ive got to go. Ive got Lamaze class.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
What?!
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Oh, honey.
What do you mean?
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Bye.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Hey!
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
No.
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Hang up, hang up.
Is anybody else scared?
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
What?
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Hard to tell, I was naked.
Yeah? That's so nice!
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has!
Oh please! You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Hi.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
And a glass of tepid water.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Yes.
Yeah, Susan.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Dude, Phoebe's mom has got a huge peni...
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Very nice touch.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
That's what I said.
Well so?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Wow.
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
So! He'll understand!
God, you are so strong.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
Not really.
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Oh! Ok, um, ok, um,
Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Hey everyone!
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
Well, here's your phone doctor.
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
It is so good to see you!
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
What's going on?
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
She wants to meet you in person.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Okay, I'll do it!
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
No.
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Ugh, what's right with them?
Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
I never had a bike of my own.
What?!
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Oh I just miss him so much!
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
I know it is the best.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Hey, you guys!
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.
Whoa! Big octopus.
Hey, what kind of work do you do?
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Hey, Pheebs.
What bank is this?
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
What?!
All right. All right.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.
What?
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Ssshh.
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
Okay, Widow!
...the lullabye of...
All right. I'll get my bag.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
So, um, have you told your parents?
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
I love you Phoebe.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
There you go!
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
What?
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
So, did you pick one yet?
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
Y'know, you're right. Thank you.
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
I'm telling it! I'm telling it!
Okay.
A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Uh-huh.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
You shouldn't.
Who gets whom. I don't know why I do that.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
My parents will be so happy.
Hey. I was...
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
And you don't a little good about donating the money?
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
Oh!
That is so cool.
Yeah! Yeah, we can!
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
I thought it was toner.
Really?!
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Okay.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Hangs up.
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Hi!
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Hey.
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
What?! Why?
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
Hey!
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Phoebe! You can't do th...
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Okay, I'll do it!
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Well, so why not go knock?
Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
Well relax, he'll be here.
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Rach?
I'll be out in a second.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Oh, thanks.
What are you doing?
Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don't know what this means to us! Oh!
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
What's 1922?
Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
And what did he say?
Wow.
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
Ye-e-es!!
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Be cool! Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
What?!
Also Monday.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Because you're marrying him!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
No-no-no! It's mine! It's-it's mine.
Dude, you soooo need this car.
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Really?! Are you sure?
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
Really?!
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
I'm just saying, this woman, I mean she's fictitious. No?
Why would you say that?
You're good. You're good!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't do that.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Wait!
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Oh!
Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Do you?
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me!
How is it you?
Yep, that's my audition.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
Definitely.
Actually, giving birth to three babies isn't that different from giving birth to one.
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it.
Ahh that's the 2 points.
Oh, I don't know about that.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
Oh, she's gonna love that!
I don't have anything.
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Morning.
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Why can't you use the phone in here?
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Because she's your lobster.
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Hey, you feelin' better?
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Okay, you can totally say no, but umm, would it be okay with you if I set Ross up on a date?
Oh, ah with who?
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I got no sleep last night!
Why?
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Some moms do that.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Ross, how many parents have you lost?
None.
I'm sorry.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Yeah, sure.
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
Everybody knows!
Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Maybe he's. . . gay.
Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
All right.
So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Why, do you write him a lot?
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Really?!
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Um. yeah.
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Say what?
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there.
On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
Ahh.
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Go for it.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
Hi!
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Hey.
Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
And what are you going to do for him?
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Do you want a refill?
No, I'm alright, thanks.
I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Phoebe!
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
That was so lame.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Yeah! Right!
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
What?
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Okay. Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, then you learn here.
Umm, okay.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
This is my favorite part.
Yeah me too.
Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they're implanted.
How do you feel?
Yeah, but I bet it works.
You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
Are you the cutest?
I'm afraid I might just be.
Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her.
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
Ah, the other Jack.
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
All right, look at my on the back page.
Hey, they don't pay me a penny a word to make friends.
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
I don't think there's anything.
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Hi!
I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
Yeah!
Well, why would she lie to you?
Ohh!!
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Sweety...
Hey Duck, is Chick here?
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
I can't believe you caved.
What?
I am. Let me just get my coat.
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
You really think it would be that different?
Well, things change.
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
They make you take an oath?
Why don't you just give him to somebody else?
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
You can't sit here if you're not gonna play.
Ooh-ho-ho!
14.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Yes!
Peanut butter!
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
OK, hi again.
Hi Phoebe.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
What?
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Hey Mon!
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Honey, you've got to go. What's his office number?
Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Yes!!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
They're brother and sister!!!
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
Uhh, yeah.
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Yeah, I've been around.
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Great! Problem solved!
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Shut up, I'm happy.
Oh, thank you Phoebs. That's very sweet.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
No, I'm sorry.
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
14.
Hit me!
Stop it!
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Oh hey!
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you're getting me all tingly.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
What is it?
It's Hexadrin.
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
Um, perhaps. Yes! Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just afraid that you were still hung up on my sister.
So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
You were with Kenny today, weren't you?
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
Hey!
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Nothing.
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
Hey!
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
You can spill. In the sink.
I love you, too.
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Oh my God!
Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Oh, ew!
What?
What, wait, you mean like this?
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Hey!!
Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
Yeah? What about ah, that bike messenger you hit?
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Well why didn't you take the job?
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Ohh.
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
That is so unfair!
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Like what?
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
I don't know.
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
Yeah but Phoebe...
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Well, h-how is this like that?
I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Left.
Damnit!
Looking up?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.
Hi, Pheebs.
Bye, Pheebs.
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Actually, it looks really good.
Get in here!!!
Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
Y'know, I never saw that.
Ooh, it was only okay.
Hi!
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
I'll never forget you.
Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything.
What have I not told you?
What!
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Hey!
How are you?
You got to go on a ride along?!
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Is anybody else scared?
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
Some moms do that.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Great!
Oh-oh, what about Ross?
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
OK, that's my tattoo.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
Then, I don't get it.
They do?
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Oh, great. This is just...
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
Ok, Phoebe.
Such as?
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, this lipstick.
Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
Yes, yes I was.
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Hello!
Hey, what's that?
Eeeee--ohh!! God!
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
Yes!
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Hey. Oh thanks for the great movie tip.
Did you like it?
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Alright, alright, I can get my own coat.
Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
I have to be heading to my chateau, thank you.
Yeah. You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! See?
Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
You do?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I'm not my sisters, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, its true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, weve grown apart, so, um... I dont know, why not? Okay.
Why? Why would you wanna... do that? Why?
So that if we went out on a date, shed be there.
Cool, thanks.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Hello.
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
What are these, stitches?
Yeah well, thanks for bringing back what's left of him.
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
OK.

Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Thank you.
Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.
Do you?
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
U-N-I-sexy?
Hi sweetie!
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
I'm not asking!
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
You're actually going through with this?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Really?!
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Hey what?
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Excellent!
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Every night!!
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Hi Frank.
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Eeeee--ohh!! God!
Argh-argh!! Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant.
Phoebe, listen...
You lost 13 million dollars.
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Kick save and... denied.
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Oh we can't, we already have plans.
What are you doing?
Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Yes. Not out loud.
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
No-no-no-no-no.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
For Ross.
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
After what I did? Can you blame her?
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Uh, ow.
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.

He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
Your eyes are very pretty.
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. Woo!
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Okay, thank you very much, I'm gonna take a short break!
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Well, what period is it from?
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
Hi!
Well, what-what 'cha got there?
Pregnant Woman Slays Four?
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Yes.
Well, how did you find out?
So what're you gonna do?
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Good.
Oh, thank God.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
That's the day you're gonna die? See-darnit, I've got shuffleboard that day.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
God that is good TV.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
No.
So uh, how you doin'?
Hey there you are!
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Hi!
What's the matter?
Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
I wish all guys could be like him.
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
And all these people actually died?
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Hey Phoebs, if you want, I'll do it.
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
It was unbelievable!
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Oh, it ended very well.
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Hey!
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
All right.
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
No that's just me coughing! Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
What is it doing here?
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Hey!
Hey!
Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
Not really.
Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Okay!
It's a great idea.
Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary.
Good. I should really start wearing hats!
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Okay.
Welcome to Las Vegas.
What are you gonna do?
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Shut up!
Oh. Maybe they're- napping.
Oh please, they're having sex.
So, whaddya think George is like?
Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Hey.
Hey.
Eeeshk.
Well, y'know we don't call it that, but yeah!
Oh! I'm a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.
You-you work at one of those massage parlors?
Wow! That's wild! No, I had no idea.
Ameri-can. Y'know it's a very hard language. Let's do it again.
Ameri-can.
Ameri-ccan.
Everybody!!
Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Ohh, you and your ways. Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
Ohh.
Ohh.
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Your other student, was you!
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
What are we going to do?!
I don't know, I don't know.
Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Uh-huh! I'm so...happy.
Which is why my answer is yes!
Really?!
Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Why? Why do I have to learn?
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Well...In-in case of emergency.
You won't let go?
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
No!
Well...
All right.
All right. Feel good?
All right, try pedaling.
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It's her address book! We have a guest list!
I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present!
We have to get her a present?!
Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
How are you? Good. Hi, thanks for coming.
Hi!
Hi!
Oh thank you.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
I promise.
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
Why not?
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
I can't believe he did this.
That true, I am flaky.
Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Hah!
So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?
But you guys came so close.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Ohh, ohh.
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
Can I please see your face?
Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.
Oh, great! Me too.
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
Great!
Ohh.
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
Okay, is there anything else?
Well, you're just going to say no again but...gay porn.
Phoebe!
Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Hey!
Hi!
Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Okay!
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Then don't do that, alright?
Monica. Whaddya think?
Yeah?
So, whaddya think George is like?
I think he's shy.
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.
We should do something. Whistle.
Nice hat.
Thanks.
We are not going to whistle.
I think it went into me.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
What do you mean?
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Ugh!
What?
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
M-M-Mole people?
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
What? No-no, a lurker.
Umm, Gene.
No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
It's Clint. It's Clint!
All right.
Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
I'm fine.
I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Hello.
Hey Rach.
Hey.
Hello.
Wow, look at these prices.
Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Ow! Ow!
Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
I promise.
Hi!
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
You're so pretty.
Hey, Phoebe.
Excuse me.
Hello!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Your pants!
Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Why?
Oh, I get a puppy!!
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
So. You two are totally into each other.
Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
No.
What is that?
Hey you guys! What's happening?
Oh my God!
Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
Okay! Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Great!
Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
Hey Rachel?
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
What are you talking about? Bitch.
Yeah?
This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
Happy Christmas Eve Eve. Oh my God, where did you get this?
Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Yeah, okay, my bad.
Hey!
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Hey!
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
What?
Thank God. Food.
Phoebe?
Do you have a plan?
Thank you. No? All right. Oh, it's so nice to see you.
How are you? Good. Hi, thanks for coming.
Oh thank you.
No.
Aww.
Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Great. It's gym class all over again.
Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Oh, it's like a skit.
Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Hey Joey.
OK, OK.
Cat.
Hey Phoebs.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
How have you never been on Oprah?
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother.
OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Oh, wait a minute honey.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Good.
Oh, thank God.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Hey.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Oh, you're not a dingus.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Well thanks.
Oh, I don't know. I mean it was fun one time.
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Okay, enough with the third degree! I-I've, I don't live here anymore.
It's not in the apartment? Oh no. I can't believe this is happening again.
What?
What are you talking about?
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
I know. Thanks.
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
Thanks.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
You think you know me so well.
It's just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn't called. Not that I even care, y'know.
Phoebe why don't you just call her? You obviously want to.
Well, don't 'cha wanna?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thanks.
So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
Oh, yeah!
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
No.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Good luck!
No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.
Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!
Oh.
Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.
Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
...I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.
Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
With such a sad history.
Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Oh yeah, I definitely know her.
Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Well, I'm gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
There's sooo much you don't know.
Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Prague?
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I'm gonna carry their baby.
It's gonna be so great.
Hi! What's going on?
But Phoebe...
I'm not gonna right to you! That's not real!
Okay.
That was a terrible throw!!
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
Okay.
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Okay.
Keep the change. Sure you don't wanna pretzel?
Joey! Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Okay!
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
It's not my first time.
Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch.
I don't know. What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
Yeah!
Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
Ahhh!!
Oooh!
I get to hire my own assistant!
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
We have good news, look whose back!
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Hi!
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
Clunkers?! Oh my god!
That's right, she came back all by herself.
It is so good to see you!
Oh me too.
Are you sure?
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh my God! How did you get back here?!
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
I am so hot for you right now.
Phoebe Buffay?!
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
I can't believe you bought this.
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Hop in. Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Wow!
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
All right, I'm gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Yeah, but I bet it works.
Really?! How much?!
Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.
I am not going to apologize to a tree!
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. Backup! Backup!!
I-I'm sorry! Sorry.
Okay.
Ok, yeah, ok. Oh, OK.
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
I don't know, you might be the first one.
Has somebody been drinking my fat?
You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Rach, did you check the machine?
Oh good.
Oh good!
Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Oh wait, I change my mind! Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas!
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Hi honey.
But if...
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
Well, we should go.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I-Hey! I did not go out with your wife! Okay? I went out with her!
That's my wife!!! Get out!
Yeah.
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
I'm sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out.
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Fair enough, now go get ready!
What?! Oh my... Oh my God!! What happened?!
Hey!
I tried to reach you at work. There's....been a fire.
Well, we believe it originated here. In the Aroma Room.
I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
We'll be waiting for you...
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Ooh, uh...
Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Okay!
Bye, Pheebs!
Okay, bye!
Ooh, uh...
Bye, Pheebs!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Awww, come on-wait-stop it. Okay, to Monica.
To Monica!
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Yeah?
What?! No!
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Ohh knockers will help us figure it out.
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
It's your thing, and-
Oh, but I can't do that-
No, but I can't-
-make the decision-
So when, when do you leave?
I know where Minsk is.
We got the grant. Three years, all expenses paid.
January first.
Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Nah... not-not special enough.
Waaay too special.
I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
I might have.
Huuh.
Well, didn't you?
I can't believe you didn't tell me.
Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
Uhh.... waitressing?
Huh, Bob Saget?
Hey, hey, no, oh oh.
Olive loaf and ham spread, no mayo.
No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.
Run Phoebe run.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
Yay!
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
We didn't fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
No, no, no, that's Dina.
You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!!
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
No, the 'No Smoking' sign. There's no smoking in my Grandmother's cab.
What does the sign say?
Beam me up Jesus.
Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom.
There-there was a suicide note?! Well, do you still have it?
You know her?!
No, I umm, I read about her in Mom's suicide note.
Hang on.
You mean the-Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
These old things.
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
Yeah.
Oh, which museum?
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
No, answer his.
I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
I can't! I have to work!
Phoebe?
Ugh!
Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?
Hey!
Hey!
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
No!
No.
Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
What is it?! What about Pete?
Six months.
Okay.
Oh mama! Uh when-when is the baby due?
Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange.
Who?
Oh my God, Phoebe.
Ooh, absolutely!
He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
Hey, ready for dinner?
Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?
Cups? You're giving me cups?
Like what?
Cups.
And ice!
Well then you'd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go!
Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
I haven't seen it yet!
Noooooooo!!
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
'Cause that's just your taste.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
That's right.
I have plans.
You're plans were with us.
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
It was just a kiss.
Thunder being stolen!!
Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
How? I don't have any money.
What happened?
What are you doing here?
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Oh.
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
What is it?
Oh my God, you've got to stop chattering!
Here, take a couple of these.
It's Hexadrin.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Hey what?
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Excellent!
Oh! You have a window!
Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Look at this!
Yes indeedy! With a beautiful view of...
Petrie.
No problem.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Yeah, is there a hair on it?
That is wild.
So what's it shaped like?
What happens if you flick it?
Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! Commercial
Wow. Thank you.
Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.
Phoebe here with the cab yet?
Rachel.
Joey.
It may not be a bed of roses.
And you're no friend to those with noses.
Ok so will he be back soon?
Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior.
He went out for groceries.
Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
First of all, I'm not losing...
Wow, a house for dolls, that is so cool! When I was kid, I had a barrel.
You get the dollhouse.
I get the dollhouse!
Uh, Pheebs, you had a barrel for a dollhouse?
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Nope, not knocked up yet.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
No.
That's right.
Never had that dream.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
All right-Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!
Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
Yeah, he's head of the department.
What?
I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Youre not gonna lose him.
Radiator.
Can I use your phone? Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
"Heating device."
Five letters.
That is damning evidence.
That is a different phone.
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
So-so you're really not going?
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
I mean really, think about it.
Ho-ho, I will.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
The guy still won't put out, huh?
Sorry Phoebs.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
That's what I said.
Well so?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
No.
No you didn't!
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Okay, I know that I went to that all ready.
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Sure! Where is it?
Hello? Hey Joey!
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Uh, I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Okay.
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Bye! We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Okay bye.
All right. Bye.
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn't be living in an apartment.
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Are you crazy?
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.
Phoebs, he's just a little dog. Ahhh.
Hey!
Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds!
Hi Pheebs!
Shut it down.
You have the power to do that?
This does.
Hey.
Well, what period is it from?
Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
Yeah.
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
So what're you going to do?
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Um... hi there.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
...And then he burst into flames.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Nah... not-not special enough.
OK Joey, your bet.
Monica, in or out?
I hate this game!
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
Yes! I have it right here. Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?
Okay.
I am, aren't I?
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
You got fired?!
Oh my Gosh!
Sweety...
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Well, who wouldn't?!
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
And Mrs.?!
I know.
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
What? Oh my God, there's really money in here.
Weird Girl, what are you doing?
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
What are we supposed to be seeing here?
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Then don't do that, alright?
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Please, let me do something.
Okay.
That you like, we get it. You like her. Great!
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
I dont know. I like her, you know. Shes different. Theres uh, somethin about her.
Hey, Phoebe, I asked you, and you said it was okay.
Alright, could I just ask you one question?
With?
Yes.
Have you two, you know... like... you know... you know... yet?
Hey, Mon.
There were times when it wasn't even me.
That is so sweet, you guys.
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
And you're so sweet. And you're kind
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Yep. Put more gas in.
Yeah, this has happened before.
So you know how to fix it?
Hi!
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
I, but you're so close! No!
I can't!!
Okay, I gotta go.
Okay, does it involve something to do with Pete's computer company?
Oh, we killed them all.
Oh no.
What?
Oh!
Okay, bye.
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
Gunther, kiss me.
Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. Does it even work without my sexy voice?
I like it.
What?
You guys. You suck too.
Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Yeah, Phoebe you're... awful!
Aww man! I can't believe I locked myself out again!
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
Oh.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Oh, yay!
But y'know umm, Rachel doesn't rhyme with draddle.
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Hey!
Hey, man!
Damn!
Yeah, I really liked that fighter pilot one.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
They really were pretty, weren't they?
Oh, Candy! She was so spunky!
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Hey!
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Hello!
You didn't!
No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
What?!
What?! She made the tea!
You what?
No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
And you don't a little good about donating the money?
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Can you hear anything?
So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Oh yeah! I know.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.
I-I'll call ya.
Okay, then what happened?
Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
No! If there was I wouldn't tell you.
Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You'll get your turn!
Yeah. See?
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
It really says that?!
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Living with you would make me happy.
Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
Are you sure?
Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
And Mrs.?!
What?!!
We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
Hey-hey-hey!
What are you doing?
Oh, all right.
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Yeah, all right.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
But we have to!
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
That is.
...since I stopped trying.
What-what do you mean?
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Okay, I think I got it.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't do that.
Nothing-Why?!
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
It's not a club.
She is so amazing! You have no idea.
We want you to marry her!
What?!!
No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Joey, she's so cool. She speaks four languages.
No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Cupid.
Man, do you know what guys want!
I never had a bike of my own.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
Yeah.
What?!
Oh, hello liar.
No! You don't know the system! There'll be nobody messing with the system!
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.
Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
What?! No! It was my idea!
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it's totally legal!
I call it!!
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
I know! My grandmother's gonna see this!
Grandma's gonna have to get in line.
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Ohhh!!!
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
What's going on?
HI!! Hi!
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Well, but Pheebs.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
What?! No! Why?!
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
Oh yeah!
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
And the Knicks rule all.
Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Makes me wanna puke!
Look, I'm talking right now! You're-you mean her.
Yeah, can I help you with something?
Phoebe, come on!
Y'know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.
And this is Rachel.
This is Monica.
Whoa!
Hi!
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.
No. I am not putting on makeup.
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Definitely not his mother.
Oh, no...
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
where were you standing?
Hmmm? Yeah. So, um, is she fat?
Not from where I was standin.
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Would you like to have dinner sometime?
So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop." And they are.
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Pirates again?
Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
For Ross.
Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it.
Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.
Where's my seat belt?
Hey!
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Oh, wow.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
You had sex with her didn't you?
Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.
Page 42, page 42, page 42.
Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Men just take out wind?
Wow.
Hey. Watcha guys doin?
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
Monica's making us watch Old Yeller.
Hi.
Hello?
Hey!
Hi! What-what're you doing here?
No! Oh! You're alive! You're alive!
Right.
Besides, it takes the focus off the hat.
See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn't I?
Okay, listen Robert...
No, I can spot you from here.
What?
Hey, don't we have to...
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.

He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
Your eyes are very pretty.
Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?
Yeah, no, I'm fairly intuitive and psychic. It's a substantial gift.
Listen, can you promise me that you won't tell her though?
Thanks a lot.
Nah. I kept myself busy.
Thank you for your patience, you're the next caller.
You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.
Oh, okay, yeah. I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.
I can't believe you didn't tell me there was a suicide note!
There-there was a suicide note?! Well, do you still have it?
Hang on.
Yeah. So how have you been doing?
Ooh, God it looks bad.
Oh, y'know what, I can't, it really kills.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Really?! Are you sure?
No.
Y'know what, let's do the catering business.
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
You've never asked a guy out?!!
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
No. Have you?
