Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Hi.
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
I, I know.
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
No, Rach!
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Marenge,
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
Fair enough.
Zelner.
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
And then... your face is bloated?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Oh that's not true.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
How could you lose him?
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Oh, please!
Hey, how you doin'?
I've never done that.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
Of course, yeah!
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Then why did she ask us to...
Yes, Papaya Extract.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Ooh, steer clear of you.
That's right.
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
You're gonna be an aunt.
Oh shut up!
Hi guys!
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
Excuse me?
Here let me...
Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Oh there is no way.
Okay then.
But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Ohh.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Yeah? You like that one?
Yeah, you're funny.
Can I do it to you?
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
So what happened?
Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Yeah, it is the best.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Sorry, prom queen.
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Nope.
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Great!
Okay, London 1...
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Yeah?
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
See, now it's weird again.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
See, he's her lobster.
Nooooo. You're really not going?
You don't have a car. And your license expired.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Good.
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
Oooooh...
I don't think so dear.
What the hell, it's for a good cause! All right!
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Oh! That's nice.
Wow. Good speech.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Right! But, I am sorry.
She took all my stuff.
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Nobody likes change.
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Hello.
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Maybe in L.A?
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
OK, tip the man.
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Hi!
Wow!
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Wow.
Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
No, look, don't touch that!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Because! Because I was sad.
What do you mean?
I don't care, she slept with me.
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
Do you want me to quit?
What?! What would make you think that?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Y-sure!
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Okay.
Um, I'm not.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Great! Great! You're making the bike very happy.
Okay Ross! Please don't die!
That's kinda sad.
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
So you hit her in the face?
Aww, Pheebs.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Thanks.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
Huh.
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Why the hell didn't you tell me!
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
What?
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Oh, really?
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Should I tell her I ordered tea?
No.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Huh?
Hey.
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
Sure.
Hi.
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
No!
So what happened?
What happened?
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
And you're not gonna do that.
So-so there is no party.
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
I am gonna see her again.
Damnit Phoebe!!
My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
Not right now.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Yeah.
Ok fine.
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
An advance?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Oy.
Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Yeah... That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone.
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Yeah.
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he?
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Great. So the ball is in his court?
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
I'm starving!
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
What do you mean?
I can do that!
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
What? Why?!
This is weird for me!
How is that important?
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
No, not my touchie.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ugh!
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Very good, so good.
I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
Come on! Look where you are!!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Hey!
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
I'm not in love with Ross!
Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
We thought you knew!
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
You're not gonna be phased out!
Ehh!!
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
ON A CAT??!!!!
It's not a cat!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Sit down!
Okay.
We're sorry.
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
I'll treat you real nice.
Won't-won't that take longer?
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Yeah, I guess, but what's like heads and what's tails?
Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
Hi!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
That's great! That's wonderful!
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Oh, that poor bastard.
You're not gonna be phased out!
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
I, I don't know.
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
Yeah. A year ago..
You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
My God! You love me!
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
It's not here.
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
...it's gonna be okay!
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
What???
Oh my god.
I am proud of all my friends today.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Him? Him, Ross?
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Absolutely, yeah!
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Yeah?
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
I'll go.
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Okay Rach, but...
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Absolutely!
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You seem to really like her.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
You think?
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You seem to really like her.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
You think?
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush.
And your fly's still open...
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
Go!
Oh! That's nice.
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Hi.
Are you all right?
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Thank you.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Because she hates Pottery Barn.
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
Nooo!
She has to know that your not ready.
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
What?!
I know, Monica told me.
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what' going on?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
What?!
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
Yes!
That, you get? That, you get?
Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Do you have any ice?
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Normal.
Nope! That never happened to me!
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Hi.
How'd did it go?
I'm so proud of you.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
You have to respect the sea!
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
I can scratch that right off.
All right!
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
Morning!
Yeah!!
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
What about him?
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
What's up?!
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
I guess so.
Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
What are you guys talking about?
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
But I love swing music!
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
Wh-why is that the best part?
Because then I don't have to!
I'm really not deciding!
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
You have some life here, sweetie.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Hey!
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Hello.
And that's Pete's Mom.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
That is so made up!
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Well, hey I did learn.
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
You got porn!
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
I'm talking about massages.
Oh.
Okay that's fair.
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Hey, Monica!
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
I don't know sweetie.
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Hi Rachel!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Oh.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Phoebe?
Hm?
Fish!
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
C'mon Rachel.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend...
Ohh! That would be great.
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
What's hard to believe?
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
It's my sister.
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Y'know what you should do?
Huh?
I'm listening.
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Hello? Hello?
So how's Mindy?
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Uh, boat rope.
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Oh here's a whole bunch.
Oh my God!
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
I'll take care of it.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Oh fresh air!
Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Oh!
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
This is the worst Christmas ever.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
That word was swans.
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Oh, this is not that bad.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
This one?
It worked!
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Oh, that's it? A great idea!
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Honey, it's gonna be okay.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
But I haven't used my card in weeks!
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Why? What happened to him?
Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Yes, they can stay with us.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Yeah, I know.
What?
Rachel stop!
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Oh me too.
No, I do not hear that.
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Did uh, Ross call?
No, I'm sorry.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
That is lucky.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
No, I'm not.
'Cause you guys were on a break.
When's my daddy coming back?
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Why did they get divorced?
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Hopefully.
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Yeah, maybe.
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
I say push her down the stairs.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
You can see where he'd have trouble.
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
I'm gonna start getting ready!
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here!
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Yeah.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Just a smidge.
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Yeah, what's it about?
Events from around the globe.
Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Okay.
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
What?! We can't do that!
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Because I promised Mindy I would.
Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Hey guys.
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
What are you talking...
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Yep! That's hilarious!
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Agh, it was the graduation from hell.
Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
So what happened?
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Can't I just look at the handles on them?
You would think.
What?!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
I thought it went very well.
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
All right, I'll pick that one.
Ohhh!
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
Yeah, yeah, what is it?
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Hey Rach!
How'd it go?
Not a good day for birds...
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
What?
Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Yep! There's always room for Jell-O...
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
I mean really, think about it.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
She didn't hang up either...
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-
Rach, I got a message from you.
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
That's ok.
What's goin' on?
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
You said she was bald!!
What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Hello!
All right, I'll do it.
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
No.
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
Yes!
You tired Chandler?
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
And stop saying that! I hate that!
Okay!
The pizza-place across the street any good?
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Are you talking about having sex?
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
What?!
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
What about Julie?
Well, that could take a while.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Uh-huh.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Well, Ross said my name.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Well, Ross said my name.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
What big thing?
I'll go.
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
I... Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
I'm a little embarrassed.
Then why did she ask us to...
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You think?
Hey, you're right.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You think?
Hey, you're right.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
I'm right here!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
What?
Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Thank you.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
I thought you didn't smoke.
We get high.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Emily.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
You look cute in bubbles.
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
My what?
Are you serious?
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh, everything's pink.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Oh my God.
Can I see your license please?
Your license?
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Um. yeah.
I am soo dead.
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
Ha!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
You don't think I'm cute?
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Really? Like how?
That's a good one.
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Hey!
Hey Rach!
Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Uh-huh, that one!
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Why are you laughing?
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
No.
Rachel, you and Mark?!
Morning!
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
We need more cards.
That must be our alcohol and beers!
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
That's me.
Ahh, yes.
You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
So that's two of my wives.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Really?
Will you call him?
So now, what is this now?
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Here are your cakes.
We didn't order cake.
You're right.
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Wow, cute one!
Very!
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
Excuse me. It's about the job.
Sorry, Rach.
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Waitressing?
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Not even with your best friend.
Noo!
Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
No! They did!
Yeah, we went shopping!
Sorry Jill.
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Hey Rachel!
Umm, is Tag here?
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Nothing! You go!
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Yeah, Rach, I think you're handling that really well.
What?
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
I wish I had smoked for my career...
That's so gross!
Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
Sure.
So.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Oh. Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
Hey!
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
Fine, then let's just say he's not my type.
Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
Okay.
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Oh no, yeah.
Where are you gettin' this?
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
What happened?
You kissed him?!
Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Dude!
Sorry.
Well it didn't!
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Surprise!!
What?
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
200 at least.
...and this guy...
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Rach, do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Hi!
Hi!
Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
You're hurt!
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
I would never do that!
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
We're gonna find love!
Definitely!
What do you mean?
No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Just go over and say hi.
Hey, Danny!
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
What?
It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
I wrote you a letter.
Ohh! Thank you! I like mail.
Okay. Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?!
Can I get you some coffee?
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Huh?
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Yeah. That didn't work out.
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Right!
So tell me about this girl?
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Joey's!
Okay...
Yeah, I'm sure that happened.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Hey Rachel!
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
I'm not moving! Is that picture straight?
It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Because it's my apartment!
Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
No! Why?
Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Hey.
Hey.
I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Crap!!
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Yeah?
Who the hell are all these people?
Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that. Losers!
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Time's up, now your dead.
And deaf!
Yes.
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Is Monica here?
No.
You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
What if you put them here.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
Let it be me! Let it be me!
I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Okay!
Oh that's so great!
I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
Oh, no!
Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Yes.
I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
Like what?
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
But, it's not raining.
I can't catch a break!
Yeah?
Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Oh, hello Rachel.
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
How-how did you lose your job here?
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
Why do you care so much anyway?
Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Uh, here. What time?
Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Sounds like a fun party.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y'know, this bra... Really, bothers me. Y'know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y'know what they'd say? Wanna hear some memories?
Rachel is my girlfriend.
So, this was uh, really fun.
Need uh, need a little hand there.
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Ross, you don't know that.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Really?
Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
I don't gossip!
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
That is damning evidence.
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
Yeah, but you shouldn't compare yourself to me.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
....Are we still talking about sex?
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn't happen.
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
That's not true?
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
What?!
What?!
So that's two of my wives.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
Oh, that is so...
No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
To Ross.
Okay! All right! Yeah! 'Cause I just can't picture it.
Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.
Oh, hi.
Hey, what's going on?
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Oh god.
I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
Yeah, okay.
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
OK, gook luck.
Wha, uhh, what?
OK, now I'm nervous.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
It's uh...
..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
What's happening to your accent?
Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
Well, hello Rachel!
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?!
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Duh, where've you been?
Yes!
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Sure!
Hey. It happened!
Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Sure! Why?
Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don't tell the guy that!
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Yeah?
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
Hi.
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Yeah, don't push it though.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Did I, did I even treat?
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Oh.
Are you jealous?
You are totally jealous.
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
What do you mean?
You mean a backup?
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
So you'll definitely get onstage, even if you don't win.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
Oh, is there a problem?
Oh my God! That was flirting?!
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Oh! No, not really.
Well, that's cool. So did...
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Hey!
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
I don't know if it's true.
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Does it?
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Well look, if you don't like this...
I don't know why you say that so soon.
Francette? What is she? A couch?
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
How to make the next one even shorter?
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
An advance?
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
This stuff is great!
Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's made of honor.
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Mm-mmm.
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
I think so.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's
I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I meanI'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
You know what?
What?
But...
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
In my day, divorce was not an option.
Hey, look who's up.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Rachel? Do you smoke?
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Ooh.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
What?
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name.
How did you get in here?
Your sister Joan is crazy.
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
Yes.
It's that terrible?
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
It's the same story.
Wow, it's really long.
Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
OK.
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message.
Aaaahhhhhhh.
I'm outa here.
Well, what happened?
Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Yeah.
Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
What???
Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
Oooh.
We're all alone in an empty apartment.
There it is.
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Pretty good! I told her.
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
What's a 'niffle'?
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love."
Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?
Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language.
Oh God. No! Oh not again! This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
What?
You're nose is bleeding!
Umm...
Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Oh my God! That's so great! I'm so happy for you guys!
Really?!
Yes, we are.
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Oh, they're working on this week, it's a total mess. But uh, I'm staying at my parents' house, we could go there.
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
What?
No dear. It's not.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Just a job!
Yes.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Just a job!
Yes.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
Hey!
Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
So you really OK about all this?
Hi guys.
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
Yeah! You're the best!
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Okay.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
That's a little clearer.
Sure, I-I-I...
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
It's my sister.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Maybe you'll order a little sangria?
Oh, get out of here!
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we're-we're-we're-we're-we're clicking.
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Okay!
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
I can't believe she cracked your code!
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Oh-ho-ho, I don't think so!
Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
Oh! Thank you!
So now what's going on here?
No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
No, you don't.
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
Oh-hooo, I missed you.
I missed you too.
I suppose.
Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
I just, I thought Joey was there.
What do you mean?
All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
For an emergency just like this.
I swear you said you had the keys.
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Oh, right, clink.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
That's kinda sad.
Got it!
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
...But a man can change.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
Yeah, okay, at ease solider!
I'm sorry?
I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
Oh my God! Oh my God!!
Still crying?
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Hi! Okay, don't be mad at me, but I couldn't resist.
Brides magazines?
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Hey.
'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it's a pickle?!
What are you writing?
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
Hey, where you been?
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
What's the other one?
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Oh, we have some...
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Rachel has a new doll.
Uh, hello!
No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn't working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
But, we can't go now. It looks like Rachel's gonna put on a skit.
Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can't let-, actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
Yeah!
Hey, and then lunch.
Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
Now that you're a couple, we don't get two presents from you guys?
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. Ow.
Are they here yet?
Ok.
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
Well, I just called Joshua...
Oh, how did it go?
What did he say?
Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!
Ohh, well, this is just perfect!
Well I'm sorry, I thought you said it was okay.
Well, maybe it won't work out. Maybe Ross won't like her personality.
I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y'know? And it's probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
I just- I don't think us getting back together is a good idea.
Eh?
You're alone.
Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Wow!
What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
: Loser?
No, I fold.
I'm in.
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Oh wow.
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
So Pheebs, what is the book about?
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Do you?
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
That was not funny!
Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
What?
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
I'm talkin'!
Alright, fine. I'll call you back.
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Call me!
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
So what was it for anyway?
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
Yeah!
I can't believe it!
Hey.
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Oh, okay, you're not a pushover.
You start working on that list.
Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
Well, go ahead Rachel.
If you're talking about feminism, I think you're right.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.
Okay.
Yesss?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Oh yeah!
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Yes, at 4:00.
I'd better get back to my desk.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
I'm sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Hey.
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
Still thinking about it huh?
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
You put these on my desk!
I did not!
How did you know they were in my bottom drawer?
No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It's a very big deal, there's a lot of people there I have to meet.
Look, I'm fine. Watch. Look at that. Whoa-whoa!
Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
Francette? What is she? A couch?
Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
I don't wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"
Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
What about the time I said we were on a break?
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
What're we looking at? That blue freckle?
OK, that's my tattoo.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Okay.
And a glass of tepid water.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
FINE BY ME!!
Hey!!
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Yeah! No?
A kiss? What are you talking about?
Come on, Rach.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Hi Ralph.
I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
Ross! Phoebe's gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
Why did you do that?
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.
Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
In your mouth?!
You were at the coffeehouse!
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
What's up?!
Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
When?
Oh you are so lucky.
Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Yeah, what's your point?
Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
Damnit!
Okay, who's next?
Really?! 'Cause y'know that hurts.
What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Yes it's true.
Ahh-oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
Okay great, hold on a sec! Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Okay.
I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Shhhh!!!
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
How are ya?
Good.
Yeah.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
Okay, um, I... All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Sure
So, what should you have done?
I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Step back.
We have a winner!
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Yeah.
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
Okay! "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time!
Really? Really?!
Yes!
Hey!
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
Aw, Mon...
So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Thanks.
It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
I'll tell you what, Chandler, why don't you call me when you grow up!
Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon!
Rachel has a new doll.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Excuse me. Hi.
Hi.
You don't think I'm cute?
Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Tah-daaah!
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
That is neither here nor there.
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Okay, okay, okay.
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
London is stupid! Stupid!
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
What?
Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?
Really?
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.
Ohh, okay, how about five. Ohh, thank you.
I'm just going to need to see your passport.

Yeah. Well. Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Now? You want me to go over there now?
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
No Joe, no miracle.
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
I think I should get the chair!
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Hi!
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Can I ask what-Come on in.
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
I don't want to, I'm scared.
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
I know, yeah, sorry.
What, it's not your fault.
Really?
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good! Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
Oh my God, you look so good!
So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!
Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.
Do you?
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
That's weird, she locked the door.
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Yeah!
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
Hm-mmm.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
And that's, that's funny why?
I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
Well, why shouldn't I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful job!
Where you can make out with your assistant.
Oh yeah, what's the plan?
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Yeah.
Wow!
The guy with the gas?!
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
I am so sorry.
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
I can't do this.
Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
You got a tattoo?
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
It was a dry day.
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
No dear. It's not.
Thank you! Good meeting you.
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Oh!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Yeah, that didn't work.
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
What?
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Well...
Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
That's good. Very good!
So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now.
Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
We didn't give you any money!
You don't think I know that!
Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
Oh yeah surfer?
I wanted to be one with the waves, y'know?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
What's wrong with people having sex?
Hell, I wanna see Joey.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
But you guys came so close.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
No hey Rach, it's cool okay? Y'know I'm a loner too! Right?
Hey Joey, y'know what? You are way to good for her.
No! No. Don't do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Phoebe!
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Like a goalie, right?
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
I gotta get the before shot!
What?!
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
Okay. Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Oh, I'm sure.
Oh, that's right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that's gotta be embarrassing!
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Yesterday!
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
Rachel, calm down!
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
So how's Mindy?
Brrrrrrr!
She's totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
Huh.
What?
This totally makes sense!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
And you were at this job for four years?
That's right.
What?
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
This one is uh Paul O'Neil.
Who's that?
Pierce Brosnan?
I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works.
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... Okay...
You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
It took two people to break up this relationship!!
Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter's done?
So, if-if I mess this up, there's nothing else for dessert?
You're not gonna mess it up.
Well, it's done about two minutes before it looks like that.
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now?
What do you get? Emily!! Emil-Whoa!! Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!
Are you all right?
I think you're done.
Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
Steve... sleeve!
OK, noone is named Sleeve.
For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Yeah, you wish!
Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Not for you.
All right, what's goin' on?
Fine. All right, fine.
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Yes, we are.
Rach...
Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
What?
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!
All right, fine.
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
What's up with Gene?
So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Oh my God!
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Now I do.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Any luck?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Hey! Hi!
Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Okay great!
Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
Happy birthday!
Just-just to clarify, I'm not Fonzie.
I know, it is.
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
Why not?
Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
That's ridiculous!
Can I use.. either thumb?
Yeah. Yeah, excellent.
Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Oh, why?
No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
No, I know! I get it! It's funny!
No, because you're not a grandmother!
All you had to do was buy the card!
No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
I need some milk.
Ok, I've got milk Here you go... Oh! Better?
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
Thursday's clearly not good for ya, pick a day!
Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
I think it's sexy.
Sexy?
No kidding?
Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
Oh no! No! It's actually-it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! Yeah, do you want it?
No, I hate cats.
Wow! What an unusual cat!
Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'
I know.
Why do all you're coffee mugs have numbers on the bottom?
Y'know what?
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Um-hmm.
I'm great! I'm great. I've got a great job at Bloomingdale's, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I'm not seeing anyone right now, I've never felt better about myself.
Hello, Chip.
Hey, Rach! How ya doin'?
So ah, Monica ready yet?
Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
Yeah?! So's yours!
How did work go?
You stink!
I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.
Fruitflies?
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
But you're not anymore!
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
She's not even cold yet!
That's true.
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
Because I'm going to London.
What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
But what about all the "finding-his-flaws" stuff we've been doing?
Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and...
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
What? You mean behind my back?
You guys! You guys! You're not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Prague?
There's sooo much you don't know.
I did! I absolutely did!
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
I'll say.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
My God! What did you order?!
Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Nope.
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Okay. All right. Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
Oh good God! I've fallen down!
What's going on?
Okay, you're-you're really freaking me out.
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Oh, why?
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
I can't do that.
When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!
I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Ugh!
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
Hey! I call her!
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
I have no idea.
No-no-no oh, keep your name, don't take his name.
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Rach, why won't they take it back?
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Oh, I gotta get back to work.
You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Look, I'm sorry.
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Oh, right!
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Look, I'm sorry.
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Oh, right!
And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
So, I love you.
I love you.
Okay.
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Umm-hmm.
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
Okay, fine.
You don't know!
YOU KNOW!!!!
I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
Because, I'm too afraid.
Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Hey!
Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
You mean like for award shows?
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
Here you go.
Thanks
What check thing?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, a thousand.
I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don't have to do that! I'm happy for him! I am! I really-I'm-I'm happ-I'll work on it.
What's this? Is this Ross's wedding invitation?
See, maybe that's the one we should've actually hidden.
I'm sorry honey.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know. Ross, I still can't forgive you for what you did, I can't, I just, but sometimes when I'm with you I just, I feel so...
Oh, y-yeah, so, you-you love me!
Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
What?!
Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
Oh. Aw, forget it.
Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
Yeah.
Yeah!
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Knock-knock.
Until now.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that's coming? Me. Are you?
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
I could do that.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
Yeah.
Oh, I'd say about a month.
Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
It does sound appealing.
Oh, I never could do it.
Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!
All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it.
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
No, you don't.
What is this? Ross, what is this?
Hi. Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
Which one do you have?
I don't care.
But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
That's who.
Look, are you gonna be ok?
Well, actually just one birthday flan.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Huh.
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Hey!
Did you find it?
Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Phoebe, it's okay. I like living with Joey.
Are you sure?
Oh me too.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Oh my God!!
What do you think?
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
Oh, you're so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
I own this store.
Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.
Pffhah.
I have so got it. There's gonna be rumours about this, there's no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.
D'oh!! I've got it!
You don't have it.
How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Monica? Monica!
Water rules!
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
I was kidding.
So was I.
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.
Yeah.
Never call me from that phone.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
The fear?
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Because, I'm too afraid.
Ugh. Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? Go ahead. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas.
Ahh, miss? More coffee?
Okay, so, I'm in Las Vegas... I'm Liza Minelli-
Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Yeah.
Really?
Aww...
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
I can't believe this!
Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
If you want, I'll do it.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
I'm done now.

Get the what?
Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she's talking about! I am an excellent driver!
Take the top down did ya?
Only way to fly.
You're fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
I would never do that!
Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
Something to remember me by!
But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
Which one was Pete Carney?
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
Ohh yeah.
I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.
Basketball!
I'm sorry.
Wow! That would be great.
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
She asked-asked you out again?
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Oh my God.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Oh my God.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
You're not dying Hope, you're gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.
Oh Drake.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
Sharing is good.
Really? Like how?
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
What do we use to split it?
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
No-no-no-no. Hey!
Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
That would be nice.
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
That is what the thing is.
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
How often do you read it?
Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Marenge,
Everybody!
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Let me see! Show them!
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants.
Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys. This is so-so, not stupid.
Hero, I uh, I don't know-well, all right.
Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later.
Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don't!
Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
Yeah, but wait...
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
What are you saying?
I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
I'll treat you real nice.
She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
She's my favorite character on DOOL.
Nice.
And the way she slaps all the time!
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
No I didn't!
Are you sure?
Feminine.
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
Bye!
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
We want you to marry her!
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Oh my God.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh...
See, I don't know, for me it would have to Chantal.
Oh, Chantal!
Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three!
Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh. Oh my God.
Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
Le Poo's still alive?!
Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work!
No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
No.
Phoebe!
Aww, Joey, come here. Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Hey!
But I don't, hmm... Oh, who approved that order?! Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. Get me Mark on the phone!
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
I love Mark. Do you know Mark?
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
Oh, I'm sorry. You wanna bite?
So how are things going with Paul?
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Oh no!
Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Fine by me; hope she wins.
Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
Yeah I did!
Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?
Nancy and I were talking about the fall collection.
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Paolo. Hi.
I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out.
Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.
No. Thank you.
No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.
No, y'know what don't close it 'cause the... keys...are in there.
That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish.
Hey. Here. Ohh, who's the silver fox?
That's not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Wait. Give him a minute.
Noo! Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
He is, isn't he? I don't know, I don't know, I mean maybe it's just being here at the beach together or, I don't know. But it's like something...
Monica, please?
He's totally flirting with you too.
Hey!
Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
What?
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Then you should have said something before I met her.
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
What?
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Then you should have said something before I met her.
Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.
Hi.
I can't believe you came back.
Rachel! Rachel!
No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
That won't go with this dress though.
No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
How? How is your fault?
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Well, if-if she thought they were on a break...
That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
Huh?
I-I-I-I did?
Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
All right, relax. It's just a shoe.
Wooooo!!!!
Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Uberveiss. It's new, it's German, it's extra-tough.
Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Rach, have you never done this before?
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Yeah?
...is for me not to see you anymore.
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Yeah!
After one class? I don't think so.
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
I'm sorry man.
No, that means nothin to me.
Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss...
Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
No, I had sex in high school.
Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.
Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
This is how I would hold a football.
Ok, here, here. There we go.
It's alright, it's no big deal.
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Not a good day for birds...
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Well where's Amanda?
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
Ross, cough drops, please?
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
How come we have one extra place setting?
'Cause you invited your assistant.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
I suppose.
Umm-hmm.
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
What?
Why?
Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.
Sure...
I don't know... um, Grease?
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Yes.
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?
No! No boom-boom before big fight!
How 'bout just a boom?
Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie.
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
When's my daddy coming back?
Sharing is good.
The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
Well, where's the logic in that?!
So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing!
Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
Well, you're not.
Yeah I can! And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha!
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Nope! That never happened to me!
Nope.
Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
Yeah, sure. All right, whose court is the ball in now?
I thought there wasn't a ball?
Rachel, this is my friend Tom. This is the girl I told you about.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
...I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
How can you not remember us kissing?!
I don't know. I don't remember a lot of things that never happened.
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
Really?
Women really want this?
Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
It's not funny, this is actually my job.
Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.
Ah, just one other thing.
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Okay.
Okay. Come on! That's not running! Let's go!
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Good luck Phoebs.
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Okay, hold on. Okay.
You'll see. Okay. Oh, what's-what's her name?
Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
Yeah, well, I kinda thought.
Hey.
No way.
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
But if...
Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.
All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
Okay, do you see, do you see what you're keeping me married too?!
You need to get out of my chambers.
Yeah!
Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
Isn't it.
I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
I can't do that.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.
Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Yeah!!
Na-huh.
Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...
Well, I-I should've told you the truth.
Uh-Huh, Which is...?
So?
Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Yeah, like you're gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Yeah. That's Daddy.
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
So?
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
What?
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just-Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
Really?!
Uh-hmm.
Oh! Well, if that's what you want...
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
Your sister Joan is crazy.
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Yeah.
Well, those were seals, man.
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
So you really OK about all this?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
That's a little clearer.
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
Done.
Great! Thanks, Rach!
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm still right here!
What?!
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Oh yeah!
Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!
Well, like father, like son.
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Hey Chandler!
Hey!
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Hey!
Hey.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars.
I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
: Loser?
And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Well that wasn't easy.
Ok, dinner's on.
Alright you kids, bye now.
Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
If it helps, I could slide over.
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
What are you doing?
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
No, you know what, I think you should go.
What?
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
No, you know what, I think you should go.
What?
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... Oh my God!!
Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.
Me too, we should get goin'.
Rachel, that's all we do.
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
I'd love some juice. Thanks.
Okay. Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Excellent!
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
Well then I demand a recount!
Actually, it wasn't that close.
The coins have finally forgiven me!
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
What? We could do it!
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
I cannot believe that you didn't tell me that we are still married!!
Look I was going to tell you!
What?
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Oh God, no.
Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Hi! I just wanna--Ahhh!!! Oh my God! Oh my God!
Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
What is it?
Barry who you almost...?
Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
Thanks!
No, I'm-I'm serious!
Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Hey! Hi!
Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
What?
He can have his job back.
That's great. Thanks Rach.
Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Come on, Rach.
He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
You have to respect the sea!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
I KNEW IT!!!!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
I KNEW IT!!!!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
I KNEW IT!!!!
I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
All right!
Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh-oh, I have a game!
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
That's, that's nice twice!
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
She's not even cold yet!
So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Hi!
Hey!
Why don't you ask him out?
Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay! Ready! Okay! Gimme an 'E!'
Hi!
Nice uh, costume.
E!
Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
Oh my God! How bad was it?
Come on!
No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! Fine I want-I need more details, who-who initiated the first kiss?
I can't believe you would say that!
Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
I don't know.
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
So I nodded off a little.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
How could I have left them in the copy room?
Fine.
Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Then uh, what's-what's this?
You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
That is so made up!
Yay!
Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
She has to know that your not ready.
So I'm not, not gonna lose her?
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here.
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
What's the charity?
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem.
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
What?
You're bleeding.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Umm...
What's up?
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
I could die.
Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Oh b-b-but it is!
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
All right. All right, I'll do it.
Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
What?! Over a stupid room!
Oh no, yeah no, that part's great!
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Congratulations, I think youve found the worlds thinnest argument.
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Hey.
Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
So are things with you and Joey any better?
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Hey!
Hey!
No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
No, come on, he doesnt know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.
But hes falling in love with her.
Okay... Okay.
Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
Wh-what?!
I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
You really didn't know?
Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there?
Like what?
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
It's all right. Sweetheart.
OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
No, I know, but Ihe just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
No no no! Federal regulations!
Alright. What's the message?
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
Ohh, okay. Wh-Ah-ha! Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can't do it.
What?
What? That's great. That is great. What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
What?!
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
No, I haven't.
Who is it?
You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
Uh-huh.
I gotta get to work.
Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Yeah? Sometimes it's...
Okay, I'm the baby.
Okay. God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment...
Umm, can I use your bathroom?
It's uh, right through there.
Yeah, life's pretty great isn't it?
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
Didn't you sleep together?
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Okay.
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Yeah?
Yeah?
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
About what?
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Okay, sure.
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
Hey!
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Yeah, well he's my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
C'mon, she's your mom!
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
It's not a club.
Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place.
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Really? Well, in that case...
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Joey has got a secret peephole!
Oh no! No! No! No!
Look!
Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
You wanna go down to the office right now?
Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
It's us.
Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together.
Hi.
No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
No, no, we won't.
You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Yes I would.
Yes.
Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
I know! I know! I know!
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
It's not here.
How could I have left them in the copy room?
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Fish!
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Come on, hurry!
Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care?
Like this.
Sure! It flushes it.
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
Will you quit hoggin' it!
Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Oh my God!
What?
Yeah?
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and...
Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn't a chair.
By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.
Something wrong?
Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen.
I have one.
Good! Great! You can go first.
Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Sure.
Yeah... ....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Sorry, Rach.
Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Oh, you go out with him.
Oh, really?!
I'll try.
You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn't feel bad!
No! Thank you! Monica, and Ross! I don't know what I'm gonna do about the two of you!
I'll talk to them!
Well actually, I-I didn't eat mine. It's still in the bathroom.
Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
What-what is it, what is it?
Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
You want me to see a therapist?
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
I am. Let me just get my coat.
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Phoebe, tell her!
Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
I know, I know, I'm sorry-
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Animal Control.
Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!
Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Is it okay for me to come in now?
Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
I love Mark. Do you know Mark?
Yeah!!
Pepper?
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
And you didn't marry him because...?
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again.
That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
Fair enough.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
Honey, there's a reason.
Come on Mon, let her throw the ball.
Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised...
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
I'm telling it! I'm telling it!
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.
No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?" Come on, I can't do this!
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
All right, you ready?
You can, I know you can!
Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
Rachel stop!
You're so bad!
Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball.
Yeah, my mom got my dad's season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don't belong here."
You have Knicks tickets?
Yeah, apparently, they're pretty good seats.
Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Here we come, walkin' down thethis doesn't smell like Mom's.
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Sure, every time, you're such a princess...
Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I'm looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!
Is Joey Tribbiani here?
Umm, no.
That-that's always good news. Are you okay?
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.
You don't have the guts.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.
Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?
Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
Okay!
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Oh, yeah.
He could hear me.
Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. Is this actually a lunchbox?
Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?
Umm, no, it's a purse. And there's a thermos in it.
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Because a car backfired?
Okay, why are you here?
You talked to her?
Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
Oh my God, he's lost it. He's totally lost it.
What?
Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Not for me. Chip and I broke up!
Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi!
I said, "Like what?"
Now that's a thinker.
Hi!
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Mon.
What, what.
And that's, that's funny why?
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
And thank you, for that.
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
None.
They didn't fight a lot?
In my day, divorce was not an option.
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
What?
Right there! That's my car! Hey!!
I can't believe this!
All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
What?!
Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
Me and Chandler?!
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Remember when we were in high school together?
Yeah.
Yes, yes!
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
Really?
Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Hey!
Hey!
Okay. Hey-Ooh, cool sheets!
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
You did?
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
That's the surprise!
Surprise!
Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles.
You owe me a waffle.
Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Yeah, not it here it isn't.
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
Oh yeah. All right, back to work.
Hey! Isn't that Tag's backpack.
Great! That's great Monica! Great! Now, Chandler, you want to give us a smile?
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Shhh! Shhhh! Joey's asleep.
After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
I'm good.
Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
Is that a swing?
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Ross, cough drops, please?
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Yeah.
Oh my!
Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Did you go home and change?
No, I haven't seen him.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
I'm sorry, I, I just need a little time.
Okay.
That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
Are you sure?
No!
No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
I want to go to the bathroom.
Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza.
That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Yep!
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
What big thing?
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
We're not throwing it away! I built that canoe!
Good for you!!
Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Technically, huh, no.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
Everybody!!
I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
Is this about Mark?
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
I don't know, but-but look how shiny!
I can't believe you bought this.
Oh, well get in line missy. So, can I have a ride stud?
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Nooo! Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Alright. Yes, this is Rachel.
Green. To the green.
Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
Alright, Monica, I want you to have the first taste.
Really?
Okay.
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Whoa, I didn't know we could date your sister!
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
You talked to her?
Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Are you serious?!
Yeah, I locked him years ago!
Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
What?
Hi.
Really.
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Let go!
Yes! Did you see that?
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Let go!
Yes! Did you see that?
Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
What? What?
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
You are totally jealous.
Honey, I love you too.
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
But I told you, I didn't have the time!
Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!
Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
What did you get?
Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Okay then.
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Phoebe!
Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Hi!
Miss? May I help you?
Can I change a hundred?
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
May I help you?
Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
To Monica!
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
Yeah!
It's got 'em!
What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
She is a kook.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
JOEY!!!!!!
He asked you out?!
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Yeah.
I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
I'm sorry..
Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
I'll help you dial.
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
Wha? No no! Ah! All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Yeah?
Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing.
Why not?!
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Uh-oh...
How-how did that happen?
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
Oh.
Hey, what's up?
Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
Really?! Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's-what is-what's your name?
Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
Actually, I'm here about the assistant job.
Tag Jones.
Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
Yeah. Ahh, here's a box of your stuff.
What?!
What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
Really?
Okay, let's go running!
Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don't care!
Yes.
What a great apology! And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
I don't think so.
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
That guy, he burns me up.
Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
No-no, that wasn't me! Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. The selection of underwear we carry.
Okay.
Rachel, you needed to speak to me?
Oh-oh, sorry, it's this way, it's this way.
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
I was just leaving.
Why? Did you write it?
Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
What is my sister doing there?! And why are the drapes shut?!
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Are you kidding?
What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!
I want to keep one.
Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news!
Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
Wow! I did not see that coming.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
When I'm in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.
Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Really? You two?
Yeah! Rach?
Then tell him quickly.
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Hey!!
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Thanks.
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
What is the matter with you?!
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
What's hard to believe?
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
A what?
One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
But, but?
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
I don't want you to see me naked!
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
Rach, y'know I can see you naked any time I want.
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Yes I would.
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Did I use that already today? I'm sorry.
Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that's one for you.
Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Here's your lemonade.
I didn't order lemonade.
But...
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Two pounds of Moca Java please.
Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Hey!
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
Yes, and grumpy.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
I love you too.
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
Phoebe!
That is a different phone.
That is damning evidence.
Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Hi.
Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
Ooh!
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
Ooh!
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
No seriously, y'know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
What contracts?
Like what?
Whoa! Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much.
Oh! Ow!
Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, are too much!
Ohh, Joey has the nicest friends!
Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
How long do cats live?
I'm sorry?
Um, maybe 15, 16 years.
Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
It's just a game Mon. Rach, how about you?
Spiderman?
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Stevie the TV?
Is there a problem?
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Well I-I think your wrong.
Oh-no.
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Huh. A moo-point?
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Rach?
Okay, I bought a boat.
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
Uh-huh, go on.
That's it. That's my whole name.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. What? I read that.
Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.
Hi.
Can I get you a cup of coffee?
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Oh my God!
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Ross, there is no us, OK.
No, but. . .
Well, but, but. . .
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Pete, can I get you something else?
You guys, there's a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
It looks like a women's purse.
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
What?
Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
Marcel, I'm hungry.
That was good.
Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
All right! Ross, do you think it's easy for me to see you with somebody else?
I don't know.
You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
But if...
Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Well it's wonderful to have you up and about, again, dear.
Stay well.
Rach! Rach!
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Kinda.
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
What's up? Tell Monica I'm sorry. Tell her yourself!
Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he's changed his name, y'know? Tell Monica I'm sorry.
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
And who laminated it?
That would be me.
Hey, it's my list.
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Oh thank you! Oh God! Can I have another one?
Sure. Do you need some floss?
Oh here's a whole bunch.
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Ohh.
This stuff is great!
Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
God I'm just a horrible person.
Wh-why?
That's ridiculous! I'm not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.
Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
It was only 500 bucks.
500 bucks at a flea market?!
Oh no.
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.
Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.
Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.
Now I've upset you? What did I say?
It's not what you said. It's the way you said it....Oh My God, I'm a woman!!!
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?
Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
Sure! It flushes it.
Hello!
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
So just bring it back downstairs, what's the problem?
I can't seem to say goodbye.
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
We ruined everything.
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Now?
Oh, I-I don't know.
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Now?
Oh, I-I don't know.
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Ughhhh!! Forget it! This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don't wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Um... unless, unless I use yours.
Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.
That's insurance fraud.
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Ow!!
Isn't there a national football league.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
The guy with the gas?!
Really?!
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Together.
Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Hopefully.
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Don't touch him!
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
What a nice story!
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Depends on what you mean by we.
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Well relax, he'll be here.
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
Why would he turn off the TV?
Oh no-no-no-no!
Nooo! It's not okay! I can't believe you would want to after what he did to me!
Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you're going out with Chip Matthews?
Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
What, that little thing at the prom?
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
That's excellent.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
How ya feelin'?
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Oh.
Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they'd break you.
Oh, it's a Macy's bag!
Ooh, who's it for?
Uh-oh. She may be onto us.
Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.
We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
Okay.
Okay.
OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
Heh... I was bluffing.
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
Yeah. Hmmmm.
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Why?
It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
Maybe not.
Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
Really?!
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Yeah.
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
Oh no-no-no, he's just I don't know, he's just a little bookish.
You don't tell a guy that you're looking for a serious relationship! You don't tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
You idiot!!
I'm sure you're right, but why?
Oh, man. I'm sorry, I'm so-so sorry.
No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
That's right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey's.
No but at Monica's you can eat cookies over the sink!
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Okay, see ya.
Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
And you're not gonna do that.
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Yes!!!
You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
What if you put them here.
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Luck!
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Sure! Here.
Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
With ah, extra anchovies.
That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
You can have the last piece, if you want.
No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
Me?!
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
You're right.
Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
Y'know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
You could?
Your own boat?
Why didn't you get it?
You didn't get it?
No.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Yeah?
..Naughty!
Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
OK. Oh, oh, oh.
No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
No, I will not cave.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
What?
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Everybody smile.
Come on apartment! Come on apartment! Oh! I know queen is high!
All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
Okay.
Uh-huh, not as high as... It worked! King!
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Why are you laughing?
Right.
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Thank you.
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Thank you.
Right.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Nope. We took her to lunch.
What?
Did you call the cops?
Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!
Oh my gosh, Joshua!
Sit!
Hi.
All those things I said about not being ready...
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Oh but Phoebe, we're gonna be late for the movie.
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! You didn't get the annulment?!!
Op! You're peeping!
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Okay Rach, but...
Ross! Y'know what, I just got-why? Why did you do this?!
Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
I think I'm gonna cry!
I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Huh.
Ahhhh!
See?
Would you like some gum?
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Hey guys! What's up?
I never knew that either.
I knew that! I sooo didn't know that, but you should see your faces.
Heyyy.
And the video camera?
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
That makes sense!
Uhh, Monica?
Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
How much did you pay for that?
Yeah? How much?
I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Oh my-Oh good God!
Baking it didn't help, huh?
Oh wow! Look at this place!
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
Merry Christmas!
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
No you guys...
No! Wait! Come on!
Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
I-I-am-
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Hi you guys!
No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
Hey!
Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Look, I gotta go. I'm on call tonight. See you Saturday.
Okay.
Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Good night.
Men are such idiots.
That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Oh my God!
What?
Yeah?
Hi!
Alright.
I'm gonna pay for that tonight.
Hey.
Me neither.
Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Me too.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
Bye!
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
We want you to marry her!
That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Wha...
No, I'm just....
Maybe there's someone else.
Is there? Is there someone else?
Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
I did not sell you out.
That is the most ridiculous.
You sold me out.
Yes you did. Absolutely.
Oh my God, what happened?
Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
Oh. God, crazy Chandler. He spun me...off...the...bed!
Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.
Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
Yeah.
God, he's good.
If only he were a woman.
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
God I'm just a horrible person.
Noo! Oh God we did-we didn't, we didn't uhh...
No! No! No, not after seeing that.
Wh-why?
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
And I have costumes.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Barry?
Quack, quack..
Ross? That opens my cervix.
C'mon in.
Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
Hi, thanks for coming.
Somebody called about a monkey?
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
What 'cha readin'?
Yeah, I-I don't care.
Okay. I-I can't watch.
The paper.
Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Rach? What are you doing?
It's a diaper commercial.
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
You bet.
And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
No.
Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye.
Ten dollars an hour.
Twelve dollars an hour.
I'm sorry, Rosita? As in...
No?
No. Rosita does not move.
As in Rosita does not move.
Wow! Tell me something Joey--Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Yeah you did.
Rub it.
Oh, come on squeeze it.
No.
No.
So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
Well, y'know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
Why would you want to do that?
Rach, there is a decent place to...
Ohhh...
It'll be a short one.
Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
What?! Over a stupid room!
You think?!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore.
All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.
Yeah me too.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
A lot.
Oh.. a little..
Mm-hmm..
Mm.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Yep!
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Bye!
Okay!
Thanks.
Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Uh.
Really?!
Ohh, I think she knows where my Dad is.
What?
Oh well, where is he?!
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Let's roll!
Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Really? Mine too.
So, uh, how was your day?
Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Hey cool, mine too.
OK.
Yeah right.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Oh, hi.
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Until now.
Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Yeah, I know.
What?
Rachel stop!
That almost hit me in the face.
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
Here you go.
All right, we have to pick captains.
Ask me what?
Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
No, I'm sorry. I have to go.
Good morning!
I sure did!
Well, h-how is this like that?
It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Well, I like you less!
Ow!
Okay, how do you feel now?
Well, this is just as boring in England.
Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Oh God, I really had a good time!
Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it.
Yeah!
Here you go. Thank you!
Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
I guess so.
Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Tell her to wear her own earrings.
These are her earrings.
Why not?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, a thousand.
I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
Hey!
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Joey, no means no!
I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
May I help you?
Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Joey.
Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
No-no-no, I'm serious. You don't smell it? Something's on fire.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Anymore!!
Okay.
Yes, at 4:00.
Yeah I think so.
Okay.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
I wasn't talking to you.
Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
What is this? What's going on?
Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Joey's!
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
We checked. A lot.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Thanks!
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
All right, let's go!
You're welcome.
We were on a break!
Uh-huh.
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
Here we go.
You're not going?
Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.
Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
Oh, like, uh, five minutes?
Hey. Morning, dear.
Did you just break the radiator?
Ross, the heat!
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
I would love to live with you Ross; that's-that's great! Thank you!
Oh my God! Are you serious?!
Uh-huh.
Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Yeah, I'm good.
Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
It is the softest hair! Touch it!
Rachel? Patrick is really rich. Give her some money.
What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
Hey man, how did the audition go?
Estelle said I didn't get it.
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
So what are you guys going to do?
Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Ohh, God.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Good morning.
Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
Ok, they're coming, shhh.
Thanks for being born.
All right Ross!! I get it!!
Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
I mean my God...
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Chandler!! Are you gonna call her!
Great! I'm looking forward to it. Rachel, any messages?
Sophie's desk.
Noo!
Really?
You don't.
Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Mmmm.
Who are you saying "check" too?
Don't read my condoms!
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Like what?
Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Bye-bye-e!
You take care Jill.
Okay, see ya!
Bye.
Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
I know. Yeah, his name is Pat.
Well-well a little blind sided but y'know good.
Eldad, this is Rachel.
How are you?
Eldad, sit down. Move over! Move over now!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Why isn't it working out?
Is he not cute enough for you?
Oh, God...
Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
The end.
Should I not have told you?
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
What?
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
God bless the chickpea.
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
I used to wet my bed.
Would you excuse me for a second?
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Turned out it was a hat.
Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Cat!
Hey, Mon.
There were times when it wasn't even me.
That is so sweet, you guys.
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
What?
Wow.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
Me.
Ahhhh.
No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo Woo.
Hey Rach.
Oh. And how was the date?
Uhh, the mailman, the super.
Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy.
Oh.
What's goin' on?
Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Excuse me... This hospital is for people!
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Excuse me. Hi.
Hi.
You don't think I'm cute?
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
Hey now you have two. Oh, now you have two.
Monica.
I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
I'm not gonna gooo.
You're not going to go.
How, how, um how can you not be going?
Monica's making jam.
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
What is this? Fruit?
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Does anybody need more coffee?
Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
Yeah, I'll take some.
I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Okay.
Break!
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
Hi honey!
Hey, hold on a second.
Okay.
Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?
Monica, what are you doing?
So, are you gonna see him again?
Tomorrow night.
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Okay. Oh wait, wait-wait, you're not gonna come with me?
I really do.
Okay, I'm gonna get your coat and then I'll-I'll put you in a cab.
Of course I am. I just have to make a call.
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
His dancing partner?!
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
Well, he's too shy, he doesn't thing he's good enough to dance with girls yet.
What the hell is that?!! What the hell is that? Is that you? Ohhhhhhh!
Yes! Totally!
Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!
Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Oh my God!!
What do you think?
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
Why do you care so much anyway?
Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
You like me?
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
But...
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
What did he say?
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something?
Hey!
Hey!
Sure.
Yeah, they were very y'know...wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Oh, you're kidding.
We don't, we don't wrestle now.
Oh. Ohhhhhhhhh....
Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
You got ink on your lip.
So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Yeah!
Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
Well that I can believe.
Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!
Yeah, it'll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
Vomiting stories are funny...
Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
Ha!
Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
What?!
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Uh-huh.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
In your mouth?!
You were at the coffeehouse!
Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
Obviously.
Elizabeth, what are you doing here?!
Yeah! Yep.
Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Uh-huh!
Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
What? I was just trying to teach you.
Why not?
Because! You're mean on the boat!
Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
Yeah, I filled them out last night?
Hey Rachel!
Allison's birthday party.
A birthday party.
Who's birthday party?
Oh, and how is Allison?
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Yeah?
Oh no! Oh! Wow!!!
Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Y'know?
You practice losing the Grammies too?
Ah.
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
We ruined everything.
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Some of them.
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Okay, who wore those?
Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Why aren't you at work?
Mon. Hi!
Hi.
Oh, they-they sent me home.
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Just, just, just pick one!
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Wow, that's-that's-that's incredible.
Uh-huh.
Oh yeah.
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Nooo, it wasn't.
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Wait. Give him a minute.
Noo! Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
Okay, bye-bye!
All right, I'll see you tonight.
Okay.
Bye!
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Wait! Okay!
I'm not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn't.
Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?
Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Ohh, sleep with Kenny.
Well it's mine too! What else you got?!
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
Because it's my apartment!
How about, you're moving!!
Uh-hmm.
Nothing.
Okay, can we just sign please?
Congratulations.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Good luck Phoebs.
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
You stole the phone!
No I didn't!
No.
And Joey....
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Hi!
Hi!
Pancho Vila?
Hi!
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
Yeah!
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
And-and-and not only that, I'm gettin' a new brain!!
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Um... unless, unless I use yours.
Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.
That's insurance fraud.
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
Would you excuse me for a second?
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Ross, he's got the remote again.
Really.
Oh, yeah, right.
Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Ok?
Ok.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
So you really OK about all this?
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Well, so what're you gonna do?
But you already told me everything.
Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Oh, yeah.
He could hear me.
Oh that's what you want.
You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
OK.
Yes.
NO!
Hey.
Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.
No?
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
NO!
No?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Here are your cakes.
We didn't order cake.
You're right.
For what?
What?
Hi, welcome home. I need to borrow a hundred bucks.
I've gotta get back in the game.
Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys.
So do you have like any nuclear weapons on board?
I can't say.
I'm sorry, but I can't say.
No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!
Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
You will?!
Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
Yes, his name is Barry, he's a doctor, thank you very much.
Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
Aww, not right now.
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Ow!!
Isn't there a national football league.
And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
Fine. Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
Because that would be crazy?
Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
No anchovies.
Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Yeah, come here!
What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Okay, good bye!
Yes I am!
I'm fine, I'm fine.
No you're not.
Rach!
Yeah...
What's your favourite thing about summertime?
Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Hey!
This place is amazing.
No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
I-kea! This is comfortable.
God, that is the nicest kitchen.
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Well, y'know, possibly. You didn't tell him that, though? Right?
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Ummmmmmmm, no.
I don't know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Yeah.
Thanks. What photo album was it?
Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
Okay. Every time.
You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Yeah.
Oooh, what you got there?
I'm not gonna marry Chandler!
No-no, Rachel, don't get it! He can't see us!
No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Not after this!
I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
He'll be here OK, take a chill pill.
I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
Thank you so much.
I haven't really had any yet.
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.
Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
We?!
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
We thought you knew!
Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
Hey!
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Okay!
Now?
All right!
This is the coolest house ever!!
Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room?
I would!
Oh no, you're the best.
Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
I'm gonna do it.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Yeah, what's it about?
What 'cha readin'?
The paper.
Events from around the globe.
Do you even know who Kip is?
Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Hey, you're not Kip!
Who cares? You're Rachel! Who's Kip?
It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay.
Really? A purse?
It looks like a women's purse.
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
All right, let's go say good-bye.
Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
And a date with a man!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Because a car backfired?
Okay, why are you here?
You talked to her?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Huh.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Huh.
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Yes.
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
I can't believe you won't just admit it! Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
You can live with me.
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
See now it feels like Christmas!
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Hey you guys.
Yeah do it now, call right now.
Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
This is my favorite part.
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Shhhh!!!
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Who are these men?
Oh.
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Men. I guy I know.
I have.
Okay!
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
Oh! I've got a lot of those too!
Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!
That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Shake it off.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Surely you can think of something good.
Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Yeah!
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Thunder being stolen!!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Sweepin'. Why? Turn you on?
All right. Hey-hey-hey!! Sandwiches!
Ohh we're not sailing.
Just pull on it.
What else?
Oh wow!
Here you go.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
Could I play?
I just did them.
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
I just did them.
What?
I'd love to!
Okay.
I'm gettin' back together with my ex-girlfriend.
What?
Hi Pheebs.
I love you.
Skidmark's still got a way with the ladies.
Hi!
But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
You do? Why?
Because I think it means more to you.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Maybe on some level.
What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Ohhh!
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Stevie the TV?
Is there a problem?
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Wouldn't you love to do it just once?!
Don't do it.
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Yeah?
And a nice hot cider for Monica.
Aww, thank you. Uh Rach?
Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Why?
No.
I don't think so.
Well, he may be now, because I think I hit him with my car.
...pig...pig man!
He's like a big disgusting...
...like a...
Yes, good! Ok...
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Say that to him and you're golden.
No! There is.. there is noone else!
Wha...
Is there? Is there someone else?
Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
So all we have is ice?
Hey! What's up?!
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
See if he has ice.
Well what happened at dinner?
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Oh, no no, I am.
Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Oh no. No Ross, don't do this.
Yeah!
And um...You look nice today.
What?
Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
Okay, but.
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Oh my God!
Bye, Chandler.
Thanks, it's ah, Gaelic, for 'Thy turkey's done.' So ah, I'm gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Me too.
So ah, what's wrong with him?
Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
Bye, Chandler.
So ah, what's wrong with him?
Oh no, no-no-no, is he ah, married, or involved with anyone?
No!! No! He's not married, or involved, with anyone!
Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
Oh no, no-no-no, is he ah, married, or involved with anyone?
Oh, Rachel, actually, y'know what, forget it.
Ohhh!!!!
OK.
OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Yes, yes, that's right...
Oh no.
Why, when did you get out of the game?
I don't know, I lost it all ok. I lost it.
Hey, I've come to terms with it, you have to too.
OOooooo!
Oh, you're...
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
Oh well, no I...
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
Take care.
Tuesday.
Tuesday right. Ok, bye you guys.
Bye Ben.
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Call me!
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
So what was it for anyway?
Carol...Lesbian?
Yeah!
What's her last name?
Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
What? C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?
But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
I'm gonna marry someone good y'know.
Okay. Okay. It's-since you've never done it before you can be Monica's made of honor.
Oh, thank you so much! Okay.
Oh I know.
Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
Hi Joey, how ya doin'?
Great! Roomie!
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
You stole the phone!
And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!
Ooh, now you lost me.
No I didn't!
No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Come on.
And you didn't marry him because...?
Ahhhh!
What are you shushing?
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that?
See?
I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
That's closer.
Oh, you must stop shooping.
Okay, let me just change.
Ohhh... Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
I'd wait.
You'd wait?
Really?
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Boy that Julie's a talker, huh?
Goodnight.
Oh, no no, I am.
That's great!
I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
Nice!
Excellent!
Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?
Ow. Ow. Ow.
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Uh-huh.
OK, well, bye-bye again.
Goodbye.
Well, bye for me too.
OK.
Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Well, there's you.
Better not be doin' these in order.
Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Bye Ben.
Bye.
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
Ok, here, I know what we can do.
Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.
Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.
Hey, hey, hey no.
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Oh wow.
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
What are you talking...
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Yep! That's hilarious!
Exactly!
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
You mean a backup?
Yeah, yeah I got that.
God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Why not?! I'm hungry.
Because they'll know we've been listening.
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Um-hmm.
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Yes.
I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Yeah, you wish!
I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
I used to wet my bed.
We both do that!
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
No, I haven't.
Who is it?
Oh...
Ohhhh
Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
You ok?
So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
Really!
Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
Yeah, oh, Princess Leia and the gold bikini, every guy our age loved that.
Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
Oh yeah surfer?
I wanted to be one with the waves, y'know?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
Hey, it's my list.
Ow!-Ow!-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Y'know, ow!
I knew.
Okay.
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Oh I know, my God, this is so-this rice is so-I am so good.
Hmmm!
Oh my God!
Behind you?
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I'll pay.
Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
What do you mean?
You mean a backup?
Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Okay. Umm...
Okay, what's going on with you?
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
So, would you like any dessert?
No! No dessert, just a check, please.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt
Would you let me talk.
Did you just flick me?
Quit flicking
Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
Just call me Paul.
Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. Are you okay?
You guys wanna get some coffee?
He doesn't do much, does he?
No, this is pretty much it.
Yeah.
Hmm-mmm.
Oh-ooh, that's the turn-on.
He just got a divorce right?
So he's probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
Oh I am!
Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her!
We are there!
What, what are you laughing at?
Thanks. Great so we can all go together! I gotta run. Catch you later!
Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.
Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."
I think I need a drink.
Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. See you.
Hi!
What's up? You're voice sounded all squeaky on the phone.
Great!
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
No! They did!
Yeah, we went shopping!
Sorry Jill.
Your sunglasses?!
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Yes!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
They're male nurses.
Not in my head.
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Okay.
No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Split it?
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Ohh. So you raised her all on your own?
Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
I'm just me, my wife died shortly after Lizzie was born.
Yes I did.
All right are you guys gonna come down?
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Oh.
Uh, yeah, yeah I'll, I'm right behind you.
Maybe you should put it off.
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
OK, now I'm nervous.
No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
It's all right. Sweetheart.
Oh, it's okay.
Ohh!
We're sorry honey.
Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
You get your messages!
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Great! It worked! No one's sad.
I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Oh my God. What happened?
Well that's great! Congratulations!!
Oh my God! Are you serious?!
What?!
What?
Uh-huh.
No-no, I'm staying put.
Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York!
So I understand you're looking for a place.
Oh, I was going to offer you my apartment.
Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Hey!
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Okay that is the one we already have!
Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
On your dresser.
Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! Oh my God.
C'mon touch it.
Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
That's romantic.
No.
Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.
Pffhah.
Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
I can't imagine why.
Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me.
Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realise that, I can't help you.
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room.
Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I...I really miss downstairs.
Well hello! I'm Ross!
Yeah, don't push it though.
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Hey, do you believe this? Do you believe they are actually getting married?
Well thank you, you too.
Thanks.
Well sure. But I get married all the time so...
Wow! I did not see that coming.
Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the chickas?
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Yeah?
Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing.
Why not?!
What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Well, people are different.
Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
Oh, okay, you're not a pushover.
Just a job!
Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!
Yes.
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
JOEY!!!!!!
He asked you out?!
I know! What?!
I don't know!
Can you believe this? We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Hmm, they just don't make 'em like that anymore!
Um-hmm.
Eh. Beth dies.
Beth, Beth dies?
Is that true? If I keep reading is Beth gonna die?
Hey! Hey!
Yeah! Okay.
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
Who is it?
Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Even when we were having sex in that chair?
I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.
You did it twice?
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Dennis.
Ok, that's me.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
No, you know what, I think you should go.
What?
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.
Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Waitressing?
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
Yeah, but, there were no suds.
Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Was your basket on top?
So?
But he has to know how I feel!
Ehh, pardon me?
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
Y'know what you should do?
Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Huh?
Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Any luck?
Again. Y'know what? I think we all did.
Hey, Sophie!
Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me.
Hey, Rach!
God, he's good.
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
If only he were a woman.
But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
Floopy?
Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Hello? Who are we spying on?
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.
And a crappy New Year.
That's so sweet.
And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Here, here!
Eww!
Hey he's wearing a sweater.
No.
And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
Are you seein her again tonight?
Oh, no no no. Its for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size-wise.
Ohhh... Sure, yeah... ..okay, it fits.
Yep. Ice Capades.
Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
I don't know. The left one.
Which ones?
Hey.
Mindy.
Don't you have to pee?
'S'why I'm dancing...
Hey, you.
Pardon?
Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
That would be nice.
Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.
Steve... sleeve!
No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.
Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!
OK, noone is named Sleeve.
You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Quick, Phoebe, tell us before he can swallow.
Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Yeah, I just have to get dressed.
Hey, Ross, want some cider?
No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.
I'm not mad.
It's fine.
No, but, your-your mad.
No.
When did you go to a sperm bank?
Joey, this is you!
Let me see. Oh, right.
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
What? It's true, my right leg is two inches shorter.
Oh God!
Argue with that.
Come on! You're just titling! Her legs are fine!
We're not?!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
No we're not.
Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
Yeah.
Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.
Yeah, I do.
Oh yeah, what's it about?
I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
No, we kinda broke up instead.
Well, we never actually got to dinner.
Ohhh, nice.
What?!
Ross, you had sex with another woman!
A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?!
Whe-where did he put it?!
Oh my God.
That's....
Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
That's what?!
Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
Ow!!
Oh God, I'm so sorry.
I know.
Oh God!
Sophisticated like a hooker?
Blow it.
Sorry. 'Cause umm, I think this will make you a little more sophisticated.
Hey!
You don't?!
Tommy's supposed to be here soon, we're going to lunch.
Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Does it?
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Oh, you go out with him.
Oh, really?!
I'll try.
I'll go with you.
Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it.
Come on, Mom, I'll take you home.
Me too.
Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Ooh, God it looks bad.
No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can't go to him when I don't have a boyfriend!
Oo, toes!! Well, for some people.
Well you might if it were anything like 7!
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
I don't even know how I would go about it.
No. Have you?
Thousands of times!! That doesn't make me sound too good does it?
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
So you hit her in the face?
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
What big thing?
Ughhhh!! Forget it! This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
You really don't seem like you do. That's...
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Oh, now see that's a fancy but.
Oh no-no-no don't say but! No-no, but's never good! Let's just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
Okay uh, however...
My marriage like just ended, and I'm really not ready to get into anything yet.
Well, well I can up with it!
Relaxi-Taxi!
The name was my favourite part!
YOU DID NOT!!!! Oh! No! You came up with Relaxi Cab! That's not good.
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-
What's this? Is this Ross's wedding invitation?
Heyyy.
We're hanging out.
See, maybe that's the one we should've actually hidden.
Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Ohh, ohh.
When, when were you... under me?
OK, I need to lie down.
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Okay.
And a glass of tepid water.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
What? Wait, what?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Okay. Wait! Wait!
Oh, wait-wait-wait...
You tell them to wait!
Emily.
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Yeah?
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
I gotta get the before shot!
What?!
Yeah, fair enough.
Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
Not to me.
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
Oh yeah! I know.
Oh look! A letter from my mom.
So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Can you hear anything?
Yeah, sure. All right, whose court is the ball in now?
Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.
Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back.
I thought there wasn't a ball?
All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Top of the world? Dock of the bay? I'm out.
Ew-eww!! Undies!
Well, they're not mine!
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Okay. Umm...
Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
Ross you left you scarf in... Hey you guys.
Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
Ohhhh, I cannot look at it!
Oh-no. No. No.
What a bad idea!
Chandler, why are you doing this?
Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?
Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
Okay.
Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go.
What's up Joey?
Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom.
That's right.
How you doin'?
Well, I didn't know what else to do!
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
You kissed him?!
Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again.
Sure. Joey...
Dahhhhh!! No! Noooo!!
That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
That doesn't seem fair.
Yeah, it is the best.
Right?
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Hey, anybody want to meet a hero?
Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can-you have so crossed a line.
Hey, you wet my pants!
Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
This one?
It worked!
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Okay, you go grab it!
Some uh, some visual aides.
Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Thank you!
Oh-ooh-ooh! Y'know what's a good visual aide?
Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter's machine!!
This is totally your fault!
My fault?! You threatened the judge!
That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
Hey! I call her!
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.
Wait, I-I just said "leave."
leave...
leave...
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Yes, but still. They're people...with eyes.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
Oh my God. Did you talk to him?
Sure.
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.
Well?
Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Lemme see.
Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
This is Chandler.
Oh my God, Rachel!
Oh my God, introduce us!
Hi!
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Yeah, not it here it isn't.
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Yeah, I got that.
I just don't see why those two can't work things out!
All right, I'm leaving! Because I'm not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That's you Rachel!
And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?
Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!
Bye.
I-I can't believe Jill's gone. I can't help it, I opened a gate.
Oh my God!
I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
Good day for married people huh?
I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
Try telling my wife that.
Oh-okay, but Pheebs?
Yeah?
Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
Yeah?
Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
Oh good.
Thanks for your help.
Just call me Paul.
I didn't know you could get married here.
No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Are you talking about having sex?
What? Who?
Exactly.
Ohh, yeah I already have one.
Phoebe.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, no, no! We, you with someone and me with someone.
Yeah, I guess. I-I... I mean, do-do you think we're ever gonna have that?
You mean, we-you and me?
Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? Especially you!
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Still thinking about it huh?
Oh, who cares?
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Okay!
Already?!
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
What?!
All right, I'm gonna go!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Yeah, what?
So, what do you think?
About what?
What?
Y'know, all the women.
Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
What?
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Okay.
Um, I'm not.
I am so psyched I kept this chair for myself!
Sure! Ooh-ooh, what about this?
Your make-up kit? I'd feel better.
Yeah, me too.
Ross, I really don't think...
Oh!
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Lift!! And slide!
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
How are ya?
Good.
Yeah.
Bye. Ahhh... So this is fun, huh?
Okay, I'll see you soon buddy. Be back in an hour.
Bye dad.
Not really.
Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?
Bye. Ahhh... So this is fun, huh?
Not really.
Okay.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
I can scratch that right off.
All right!
'Sup?
Ah, this is my friend Rachel.
Hi.
Uh listen, here's your Soapie. I accepted it for ya.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
I'll be out in a second.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
What?
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
: Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
Lots of responses.
: Dear Ms. Green, thank you for your inquiry, however... oh...
Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
Hey.
So it's looks like we're the first ones here.
Yay!!
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
And stop saying that! I hate that!
Okay!
The pizza-place across the street any good?
And that's Phoebe , and that's Joey.
And you know Monica and Ross!
Hi Jill.
Hey, how you doin'?
Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Y'know what? I-I kinda have.
Well, that's because of a lot of...
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Why not?!
Y'know, they ruin it for everybody.
Mr. Treeger.
Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next.
Uhh, you said there was a party.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
I mean really, think about it.
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Hey.
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
Still thinking about it huh?
Okay..
And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.
Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!
What's that?
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?
Weeeell, it's rum, and-
I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Wow... Wow!
Yeah.
Nooo, it wasn't.
So I'm thinking about you. So what?
Fine, just stop thinking about me.
Can't do it, can you?
I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
Oooh.
We're all alone in an empty apartment.
There it is.
Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.
Unbelievable.
Very nice touch.
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
Thank you so much.
Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.
Oh-oh, you lie.
What you don't think I'd go up to her?
Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.
Excuse me, there was no time!
Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
What?!!
Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Yeah it is, it is. We really, really have to do something about that.
What is this? Who put a twenty down here? Huh?
Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
I know.
Well that's his last name.
Uh.
Wait a minute, his name is Dr. Bobby?
And his first name.
Oh yeah, what's it about?
So, how are you?
I am good. I finished my book.
I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
I know.
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
Oh you are so lucky.
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Hello!
What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
That would be great. Thank you.
Oh, hi. It's Mark.
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
I-I know. Well if something comes up...
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
What's this?
Oh, okay, it's the slide instead of stairs. Watch this.
It's very interesting, Phoebe.
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
I suppose.
Umm-hmm.
Oh! Good thing Chandler's not here, he always wins at this game.
Could we be more white trash?
How desperate am I?
I just told my Mom I'd cater a party for her.
Hey! Umm, do you guys have any juice?
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
You don't have to stick up for her. She can't here you.
Just pickle.
Well, I thought you liked doing it.
Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.
Have you ever taken out the trash?
Third door on the left.
There's nobody here!
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
Sophie, get in here! You see! Now you're making Sophie uncomfortable!
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Ohhh!
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Yeah, what's your point?
Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
Ohhhh, come on!!!
I think she's here.
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
Hmm.
Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?
Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.
I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
Gimme an 'L!'
Gimme an 'I!'
I!
L!
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
Oh.
So, all right.
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Hi, sure!
Can I get you some coffee?
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Hi.
Oh my God.
And she's not crazy?
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Good.
'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Good.
And ya know what, now I've got closure.
Okay, that is all you.
Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Okay, I have a wedgie.
So-so, what do you want for lunch?
Pheebs?
Well then we'll get wet.
Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
Yeah?
Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
Okay, what's up?
Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants...
Hey, Pheebs!
Hey, Phoebe!
Hi, Pheebs!
Hey, Pheebs!
Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
Vogue! Hey, so tell me about this Jane Eyre woman.
No! You should've read it yourself!
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
You are!
You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Oh, good point.
So?
So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
Yeah!
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
I don't gossip!
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Oh, fine! Take his side!
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Sure! Why?
Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
At this?!
Just go get some! Go!
Okay.
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
What are you saying?
I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
I'll treat you real nice.
Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
Turn! Turn!
Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
Great!
Okay! Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Here you go. Thank you!
Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Because I lose her stuff!
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Why not?
Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
Ohh that'd be great!
Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
I'm sorry.
More so than anything else.
I-I-I found it interesting.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
Yeah?
What else do they add smell too?
Oh, is there a problem?
Bye you guys!
All right, bye-bye now!
Bye!
Bye-bye!
Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!
Okay.
Not even close.
Okay! All right! Let's do it!
You're just staring into space.
Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Shhhhhh! I'm swamped right now.
Umm, I'm trying to move that pencil.
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Hey!
Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
No?
I think I know that girl.
All right, umm, we're not gonna really keep it this way though.
No, we're gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
And thank you for your time.
Yeah!
Would you like to spend the night in jail?
So the Porsche guy took his car back.
Oh my God, Jill!
Yes?
Hi, is Rachel here? I'm her sister.
Oh my God, Rachel!
Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!
Joey...
You wanna make it 6?!
Hey!
Oh what do you know? Virgin!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
I did.
I knew.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.
I did.
Yeah?
Y'know what Joey left on my pillow?
I love it at Joey's!
They're gonna fire you! You can't date a student! It's against the rules.
Really? Its not just frowned upon?
Hey, here you go.
I'm sorry, what?
Whoa, she's pretty.
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
What?
Oh! Whoops! I'm sorry, you were talking about Emily!
You're back.
You two were married?!
Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Nope.
Okay.
Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
Nothing!
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Well...
Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
Yeah actually, I think we're gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
Then why are you wearing Monica's jacket?
Because it's flattering! Come on Monica! Come on Monica!
Oh! I won't say, 'no' to a movie!
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
It's my sister.
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
She's not even cold yet!
Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
Good ones?
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
His new girlfriend!
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
What is that?
Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
Hi.
Hey!
Well, it's nice to know that you...
Oh they're pushing! They're pushing!!
All right.
Here he comes! Hurry!
Hey! Don't be a baby!
Well, what is the other reason?
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
I don't want to say.
I don't know.
Come on see, she doesn't look that bad.
You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
Ugh...
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
We ruined everything.
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Wh--Why don't I tell you over here?
So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray.
Shut up!
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Hey!
Hey!
No, I'm performing the ceremony. I'm not wearing a tux.
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Come on.
How did you make $17.
Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?
Well uh, I had breakfast here so technically I saved $3.50.
Well, my financially challenged friends, I split my money and I bought some shares of CHP and ZXY.
Are you sure?
Barry?
C'mon in.
Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Let go!
Yes! Did you see that?
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Oh, ah with who?
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
You're not the man who left the cell phone.
Hi!
Wow! How long were we arguing for?
No that's my assistant.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
I want to go to the bathroom.
Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza.
That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Umm, can I use your bathroom?
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
It's uh, right through there.
Oh-oh, you lie.
Why? 'Cause otherwise you'd go for it?
Yeah, maybe.
What you don't think I'd go up to her?
Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
Good.
Hey, Rach, how you doing with The Shining?
Oooh, the next part's the best, when that dead lady in the bathtub...
Because, I wanted to hurt you.
No. She doesn't die.
Then why would you say that?!
Oh, there they are! I-I dropped my keys.
I'm sorry. I didn't-I don't come in here a lot.
Ummm. Oh! I'm sorry. It's a little old but...
No! You're clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour unclogging!
Oh yeah, of course you don't!
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
What?
You're bleeding.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
What?! You say that to kids?!!
Ugh!
Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!"
No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.
Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
Okay, quick and painful.
Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Okay, quick and painful.
Oh, what? What-what?
Y'know Marcel?
Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Oh, what? What-what?
...Yeah?
Shut up!
Tell him, tell him.
Just...please tell him.
Tell me what?
Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.
You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
Yeah, if you're really hungry. It was a joke, I made a joke.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Should I tell her I ordered tea?
No.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
You don't know anything.
Are they in love?
I don't know.
Ohh, I know one thing!
Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?
Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Like a goalie, right?
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
So, whaddya think George is like?
Oh please, they're having sex.
Shut up!
I think he's shy.
Um, hum.
Right.
Okay. You know that I-I have to go.
Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'
Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.
Sorry. Sorry.
Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
I think you'll find this room more to your liking.
And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Yeah, maybe.
Any luck?
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
Wow! I did not see that coming.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
When I'm in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.
So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
Thank you. We both forgive you.
Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you're welcome to come back anytime.
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem.
Oh, hi!
Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Rach! Rach!
Oh my God, I'm married!
What thing? What is this thing?
Nothing, ah there was this thing at the museum. Come on. Easy.
Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy!
I was kinda, supposed to be on TV tonight for The Discovery Channel.
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
Ohhh, OK.
What, isn't he sober?
Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Alright, here you go, sweetie.
Yeah. That's Daddy.
Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
I need to talk to you!
Hey!
Hello.
Sure, what's up?
Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! Oh for crying out loud!
Now, it's you little bunny friend.
Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
But we should move quick.
Why?
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
Fill this out and bring it back to me.
Okay, ooh, alright. Name, address... Okay, in case of emergency, call?
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Everybody!
Okay, I'll do it.
Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.
Huh.
I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.
See, I-I think that one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on Who's The Boss.
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Oh my God, has she slept at all?
Nope.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
I am so sorry.
Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
I can't tell you that, no.
Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.
He took up the carpet, and now you can hear everything.
Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.
Uh-huh!
And he's, he's a total stranger?
Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
Small...
Petty...
Petty...
Small...
What?!!
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
Excuse me, there was no time!
Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
You're not laughing.
This time it's not so funny.
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
Hi! Phoebe.
Of course!!
Hi, guys.
Hi Phoebe.
No we...
Hi Phoebe.
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Hormones.
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Hi.
Hey.
Hi, Geoffrey.
Ah here, we brought wine.
Okay. Okay.
What?!
I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.
Stop saying that. I hate that.
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Maybe you'll order a little sangria?
Oh, get out of here!
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Oh my God! How?!
Heard what?
Joanna passed away last night.
Well, she was leaving work and she was hit by a cab.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
We're just really...very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
You are beautiful.
Oh, thank you! What's going on?
Here.
...if you tell me, I might do it.
Ross, you know what...
What?
Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
I'm thinkin' no.
What did you say?!
No, not my touchie.
You're so pretty.
You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Hi!
...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
Alrightalrightalright. There.
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Oh, hi sweetie.
Oh, please...
Bona sera.
When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
...But a man can change.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Oh, God, he's such a pig,
I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Such a pig!
Oh he's like a...
No, yeah, Ive done that.
No, no, no!
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
What?
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
What do you mean?
Could tonight be the Night?
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
What?
I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
All right, Julie.
Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
What? C'mon, talk to me.
Sure.
Naa.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Hey.
I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
Hey.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Fine.
Good.
Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
You got a tattoo?
Lemme see.
Phoebe's dead.
Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.
Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.
Hi.
Wait, what am I gonna do?
Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Okay, this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!
You, you go long.
I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
No! I'm not okay!
Thirty seconds left on the timer!
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
That's excellent.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
How ya feelin'?
Sorry. I'm sorry.
Got 'em.
Hi.
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don't!
I don't have ten minutes!!
What? Sophie, does she have ten minutes?
Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
And heels.
Oh, it's okay.
Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
Ross, did ask us first, and we set that night aside.
Great!
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.
Yeah, what town are we near?
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Ross, would you just stop it! It's getting really old.
Yeah, but you didn't.
No, but it's-it's-it's hot!
I can't believe no one believes me!
Come on!
All right, but in the future...
Okay!! Okay!!
Heavy thing, not getting lighter!
How many guesses do you get?
Five.
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Six.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
Chandler, what did she say?
I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! I don't live here!
Chandler!
Wait a minute.
Honey, that's you're name.
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
Aww, Pheebs.
That's short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
Oh, thank goodness!
Yeah, I...
But now! I'm there! I'm totally there! I'm-I'm finally where you are!
Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
It's not Christmas!
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Or if you want to kiss him, umm, you could use mistletoe.
Or Spin the Bottle?
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
I can't do that.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Thanks.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so.... Y'know.
What? Yeti-I mean Danny?
I had to cut my hair to get rid of the uh, fogger smell.
Absolutely. Some people are just into appearances.
Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.
All right! Isn't this a woman's hat?
Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea!
I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Oh! No, not really.
Well, that's cool. So did...
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Wow!
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Rachel? Do you smoke?
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Hm-mmm.
And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little...
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Yes it is!
It's a, it's a cat!
That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Why is it inside out?!
Phoebe, are you okay?
Oh that is over!
That's terrible! I'm sorry!
Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.
All right.
But I...
No, no, no just do it. Go in there and pick something out so we can go.
Thank you!
Eh! Stop it!
Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Okay, I'm the baby.
Hey!
That sounds great.
I don't know, I'm very tired.
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines.
What?! Are you crazy?
And um, what-what is that Ross?
The physical act of love.
Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
Hit me!
Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
Oohh, 23. Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars!
And Mrs.?!
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Okay!
Ohh! We're kidding! Oh, we're kidding!
Thank you!
Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
I'm never gonna find love again.
Sure
Phoebe, I mean, you do know he's married?
Phoebe are you serious?
Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
No!
Yeah!
I think it's romantic.
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
I cannot believe her.
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
You start working on that list.
I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
I'm not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!
Why are you so jealous of me?
Can't have?! Excuse me, the only thing I can't have is dairy!
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Yeah, I heard it.
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Y'know what? You are right?!
Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
How to make the next one even shorter?
Okay. What?! What are you doing here?!
Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?
Okay. I'll be right back.
What are you doing here?!
See? Now, he could date her.
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
That's not what she said last night.
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What's going on little elves?
Because you're not finished yet and I won't have it! Greens do not quit!
What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
Why not?!
Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Ohh whoops.
Ohh, sorry.
What you-don't hold it like that! You're lettin' all the good stuff fall out.
Careful! You're wasting good pastrami! Oh my God! I'm my dad!
Well yeah, sure, what's up?
Hi!
Do you have a minute?
I got asked out twice today when I was at lunch...by guys.
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Me too!
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Oh! That's nice.
Wow. Good speech.
Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
I'll be right there!
They're here already? How are they doing this?
I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Yes, at 4:00.
I'd better get back to my desk.
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
Ohhhhh. That's how it got fixed!
Yeah.
I thought I broke Joey's chair! That's why I replaced it with mine!
Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
There you go!
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Come on, let's have some fun. Huh? What do you want to do today?
No!
I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Is he not cute enough for you?
Does he not make enough money?
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?
I'm not allowed to have soda.
What's a virgin?
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
Yay!
There you go.
Oh, that is amazing!
Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
Oh, ah nothin'. I just felt like hangin' out here and reading.
Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?!
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Very good Monica! You know where they are.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
They're still in my coat.
Wow.
Okay..
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
That cup is mine!
No it's not! You want it, you're gonna have to win it!
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Oooh! You are a very bad man!
You owe me a cat.

She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!
I was thinking Chinese food.
Ohh, I love Chinese! How did you know I love Chinese?!
I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but...
Ohh, yes.
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Y'know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
Do you want me to check again?
Well, it's not out here. Is there any chance it could be in your office?
Guess what?
I just thought he was nice, y'know?
I can't believe you didn't know it was a line!
You got a job?
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Hey Rachel!
All right, I'm outta here!
Oh my God! What does that thing do?
Oh that's an eye removal machine.
I'm kidding! I'm kidding!
Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.
Three of your five, what?
Celebrities I'm allowed to sleep with.
Yeah, it's hard okay, I only have two spots left.
I'll be out in a second.
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
Rach?
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
OK, this one right here is from me.
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Rachel, how did this happen?
Where?
Oh my God Ross! What in heaven's name are you doing here?
Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda!
Ross!
And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.
Oh it's umm, it's tofu cake. Do you want some?
Hey!
What do you got there?
What are you doing tonight?
How did it go?
I'll take care of it.
That's right! You do what the hand says!
I lost our mattresses.
Wow, he must like you the best.
Really?
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
We're sorry.
Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
You don't have any secrets!
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Noo! I can't take any more secrets! I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal.
Okay Ross, we're-wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
Uh-hmm.
Congratulations.
What?
You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
Hey! I got great news!
What does she mean?
Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.
I think she means 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon.
Oooh!
Yeah.
Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
I... Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! What is the matter with you guys?
Yeah, okay, let's talk it out.
I'm a little embarrassed.
He's perfect, he's never been better.
Hi!
How's my little boy?
What'd you do, take him whaling?
Aw, Mon...
Oh! I used to do that too!
Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Well, I'll ask him for you, if you want me too?
No!! No! He's not married, or involved, with anyone!
Oh, Rachel, actually, y'know what, forget it.
Would you? Or, is it just to sad and desperate, and y'know something that Sophie would do?
Oh yeah? Fine.
You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
I gotta get to work.
Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
Well, I-I-I've been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
Oh.
Not yet.
Sophie sit!!
I'll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!
No! God, would you just calm down!
Sit!
You're a pathetic loser, right?
Oh-ho, yeah!
Hi.
Ugh!
Phoebe?
I would, but I get my morning sickness in the evening.
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Rach!
What are you doing here?
Hey!
Hi!
Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I...
Well you better.
Yes it is.
Well, I'm gonna kiss you.
Hey. Oh thanks for the great movie tip.
Ross's what?
Wow! Spinning that sounds like fun.
Oh, I wish. No, you know he was just trying Ross's Hug and Roll thing.
You know what, where he hugs you and kinda rolls you away and... Oh... my....God.
None for me.
Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
Pepper?
Okay sorry, whew.
Yeah right.
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Or?
Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Yeah, I know... ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
Well, you know your insurance will cover that.
Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Julie.
What up?!
Everyone, this is Julie.
Ohh. Hi!
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
OK. Oh, oh, oh.
We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys.
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Cabin of loooooovvvvve.
Really? I only had two glasses.
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . .
Oh, come on squeeze it.
C'mon touch it.
No.
No.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Now I do.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Well I've had it.
Oh no.
Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Yeah, I've had it.
Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
Oh, okay. The what?
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
Twenty percent.
What's Flimby's?
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
What time is it?
Oh-ho-ho-ho.
Sorry. She thought you were somebody else.
One.
You just did a little dancy thing.
What was that?
What?
No I didn't.
And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.
Sure...
I don't know... um, Grease?
Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
I can't follow Ross! It'd be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Phoebe, Ross sucks!
Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
And the sex?
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
That is really nice...lying! No way is that the reason!
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
Yeah, it's-it's my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would've told you about it, but I didn't know they would be here.
All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!
I don't know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! Ah-ha!
Okay.
Thanks Chandler.
Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Okay, hold on. Okay.
You'll see. Okay. Oh, what's-what's her name?
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Rach, why won't they take it back?
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
I don't think so.
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Thank you. I...yeah.
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
I mean after tomorrow night.
I'm so happy and not at all jealous.
No! I'm so happy for them!
Me too! So happy for them!
Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
A what?
One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
Ah, yeah!
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
No I didn't!
Are you sure?
Feminine.
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Oh no!
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
Will you quit hoggin' it!
Monica, is this true?
Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
This is not good for my rage.
Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
How do you figure?
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
Well, where's the logic in that?!
Oh I...
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
What? That's great. That is great. What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
No-no, it's really not huge.
No!
Oh no!
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
Would you let me talk.
I did not sell you out.
Yes you did. Absolutely.
Did you just flick me?
What, what incident?
Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.
Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.
Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.
OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
But, you are.
Oh, stop that, stop that right now.
Oh God help me.
Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.
Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
Well no.
Miracle!
Someone like an...angel?
Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
I want the little round waffles.
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Arghhhh!!!!!!
Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
What?
Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.
This woman's living my life.
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Yeah! You're such a great friend!
Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Mma, Mma, Mmaah
So, did I hear Poconos?
Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
OK, tip the man.
She's still with you?
If you want.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
Yeah, you should, really.
Just go for it Chandler.
Yeah, you should.
Go on.
Yeah! I got my girls.
Yeah.
You okay?
Ugh.
Was she good?
Uh-oh.
What?
Don't answer that.
Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
Iced tea.
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
Ohh yeah.
Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
No, it's just that he got this new like home theater dealie, and he wants y'know, us to check it out.
All right fine! You're not invited to the party we're gonna have either.
Nooo!
Then you're not invited.
Oh-whoa, what party?
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Fish!
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here...
I know! I know, it's such a huge, life-altering thing.
You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Huh.
I know.
Okay, it's not Relaxi Cab. It's Relaxicab, like taxicab.
Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
Hey, tell him about Relaxi-Taxi, and-and ask him if he thinks that's better than Relaxi Cab.
Oh, that is better.
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So...
Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Good, you guys are all here!
I'll give you store credit in the amount of four dollars.
I take it.
Hey! What's up?
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Okay, see now I'm scared because I don't actually think you're kidding.
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Oh b-b-but it is!
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
I don't know if it's true.
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
Huh. All right.
Hey!
I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
Oh my God, look! That's Elizabeth!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm still right here!
What?!
Oh Phoebe!
You just said it!
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just...be alone y'know to think about my mom and her suicide.
What?! That's the first time today!
What?! No! I'm not gonna move out!
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
But are you saying that you would move out if I didn't buy that lamp?
I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go. Mark, I need you!
Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do?
What?
Okay, bye-bye.
Wh-You dated my sister!
Ross, what's the big deal? So I kissed the guy!
He is my girlfriend's father, okay? It's-it's, it's weird!
That was different!
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
Thanks!
Hey! Hey, you guys, I finished the crossword all by myself! Hug me!
Uh... yay!
Oh, that's great! Congratulations!
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
Fair enough.
Zelner.
Noooo.
You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... What?!
Okay. If you're alive you answer your phone!
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
You said number two.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
I'm free! I'm free!
That oughta do it.
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Yeah, maybe...
I did.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It's just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Whaddyou want?
Sorry-
Goodnight.
Mmm. Oh, no-
No no no, go-
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
Okay.
I don't know what to say.
I think she would like that.
Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.
Yeah, which, by the way Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
Oh Rach, good, listen isn't this perfect for me!
Well, of course not for tonight. Yeah, hi!
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Just a job!
Yes.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
Aw, Mon...
So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
You found me a guy?
What?
You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
So what-what is the exhibit.
Great.
Yeah.
It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
We did!
Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
We did have fun, didn't we?
Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Oh my God! That is so good!
God, you are so strong.
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
All right, I'll pick that one.
Ohhh!
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
I can do that!
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
You are so cute.
Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Hey guys.
EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!!
No you guys...
I-I-am-
Hey!
Coffee.
No way!
Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them!
Thank you.
Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.
Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Nooo! It's not okay! I can't believe you would want to after what he did to me!
Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you're going out with Chip Matthews?
Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
What, that little thing at the prom?
Jeez!
All right!!
I'm coming already!!
Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet!
What is my sister doing there?! And why are the drapes shut?!
Oh great!
Hello?
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
Oh hi!
Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
Hi Rachel.
Wow, love your new nose!
Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
Do-do you, do you have brothers?
...it's gonna be okay!
Okay, uh...
I've got cold feet.
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Is Ross here?
Oh.
Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.
No he went out to get pizza.
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Hi.
How'd did it go?
I'm so proud of you.
I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!
Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Oh! Ross is sooo great!
Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
I'm already here.
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh thank you. Hey y'know, I'm so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.
Hey you!
Hey, come on in.
Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
So, does this come in another color or...
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
I own this store.
Hi! You uh, movin' in or movin' out?
OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play.
OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.
Say you're sorry.
What're you gonna do?
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.
You don't have the guts.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
I'll help you throw out your purse.
Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
I'll help you fix your sweater.
I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.
Thank you.
I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Hi! You might not remember us, but we are the girls that fogged you.
Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Yeah?
We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
Macadamia nut?
Okay, I need a, I need a drink!
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. But who cares?! Because it's all on me! That is, one big drink!
Umm... Wow! That's-that's some pricey nut!
Who is it?
Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
It's me, Carl.
That's good enough. Right? Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!
Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
Okay.
No! No-no-no...
Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
Wow! Umm....
Oh, okay.
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
I dropped a cup.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
No-no, they're not very nice people.
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
Danny! Hurry up! The bath is getting cold!
I'm just kidding too. I'm getting married in December.
I do the same thing.
I'm just kidding. I'm getting married July 25th.
So when are you getting married?
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
Not right now.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
Ugh, she is a slut!
Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.
Who? Is that your sister?
God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Hey!
Thank God you're pretty.
You're jokin' right?
Of course I'm jokin'! I don't take checks.
Hey!
Oh! My hero! What happened?
Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Because it's Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone!
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
You do?
Really?
Mmmm.
I do.
Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
What?
I was saving you.
Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
What is he doing here?!
Hey!!
Hi!
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
Why would you even want to come Ross? You're a horrible skier.
It's horrible.
Oh please, can't I come to your special, magical cabin?
Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
Anymore!!
Oh Monica come on, y'know I don't sleep with guys on the first date!
Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire...
Okay.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
I'm so happy and not at all jealous.
Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth.
Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
Yeah.
Hey!
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Oh, this is not that bad.
Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rach, here's your mail.
No, here's your mail.
Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Ok, well, this was very special.
Rach, come see who's out here!
Janice is gonna go away now.
Oh, yeah, right.
There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Thanks.
It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
Hey, guys, what's up.
You had a salad.
Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.
I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Hello, excuse me.
What.
I'm talkin'!
Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww!
Hi.
Hi.
Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
He could hear me.
Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Oh.
I'm done.
Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
What if you put them here.
For every night that you're asleep before I get home from work...
I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
Hmm.
Yeah.
Eh. Beth dies.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Beth, Beth dies?
Ooohhhh!!
Uh-huh.
Watch, watch.
And, and!
Oh-ho!
Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
Oke-dokey.
Sorry.
Monica's gonna marry a millionaire!!!
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Oh my.
Hey, you gotta get Mom on the phone. Call Mom! Call Mom!
Say more things like that.
Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I'm leaving! You are just a horrible person!
Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you're gonna get all sensitive about it! I don't want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I'll make you an assistant buyer in this department.
You can have your own office, and a raise! Effective tomorrow.
So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Hi!
Hey!
Why don't you ask him out?
I know, I can do more than cook.
Hi you!
Oh my God!
I like her. She sees smart.
Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.
Boy! I didn't see that coming!
Are you serious?
Yeah, what, do you think we're stupid?
You're bachelor pad?!
What do you say?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Have you even had a girl up here?
Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so...
Oh! It's you. Hi.
Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Hi, Pheebs.
This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement. Will you say something, Steven?! Please!!!
Don't take that tone with me. All-all right you can.
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Joey has got a secret peephole!
Oh no! No! No! No!
Look!
Look!
Oh no! No! No! No!
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Dude! That's my sister!
Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it?
Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
Wow! What an unusual cat!
Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter but... Okay, why not?
Ohh! Oh my God!
Hey! We're here!
Hey!
You like it?
Hello?! Oh, yeah! This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. Yeah!
I'd love to!
What?
My God!
How come you are?!
All right that's it! I am maid of honor!
Na-uh, I am!
Because I cared enough to lie!
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
Hey!
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
Okay, I'll see you later pal.
Ohh, okay. Wh-Ah-ha! Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can't do it.
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
Okay, I'll see you later pal.
What?
She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday...
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
Well when can we have this shower?
Well that's only two days away. What is the other option?
Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
What?
Say something! Say anything! Ask her out! She's not your cousin!
Probably Monica and Chandler.
Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
That'd be great, thanks.
Oh my God! Ray-ray Green?!
Sure we should... So.
Hey, you.... So, what's up?
Um.. we should really be sitting for this.
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.
Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Okay.
Okay!
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Okaaay. Any of you guys want anything else?
Oh, yes, could I have one of those.
Okay.
Ross?
Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working this weekend.
Oooooooooh. Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
I'm here.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
It's not random, it's Bob.
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
You asked him too?!
Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil.
Nice seizing. . . gel boy.
So, uh, is this, uh, mistletoe?
Ahh, if it was mistletoe, I was gonna kiss ya.
Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs.
Incredible! I met the director this time and you'll never believe who it was.
Ankle.
Why? Why would you do that?
I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
We'll see.
Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
Surprise!
I was in charge of cups.
Oh yeah, I got a cat.
Well, it's my cat.
What?!
I don't want a cat!
Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Hi!
Oh so-so not really never.
Really?!
Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?
Worked like a charm.
Hi!
This is where Ross and I are meeting for our date. So, what do you think?
Here are your cakes.
I'll take it. My gift to you man.
Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.
We didn't order cake.
Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you.
Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
You have other friends?
You don't know?!
Second date!
...I dunno.
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
This is how I would hold a football.
Ok, here, here. There we go.
It's alright, it's no big deal.
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
How-how did you lose your job here?
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Hey, come on now!
Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
Stick to your side!
All right, what are we havin'?
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Woah.
Oh god.
Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Oh God, no.
Is Monica here?
Hey, you guys...
Hey!
No.
Four.
Okay, they are.
How many fingers am I holding up?
Oh my God, I was thinking four.
Now that you're on you're own, you're free to look as stupid as you like.
Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
Right.
You like it right?
That's it. Ow!!!
O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Aww, come on.
Oh my God!
Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
Ross will do it.
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
Well, we're a little early, the lecture doesn't end for 15 minutes.
That's a hernia.
Why did I have to start working out again? Damn you 15s!
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
It's the same story.
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Wow, it's really long.
Why does it matter so much to you?!
Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica's!
But why does it even matter?!
Because this one is now! And-and it's two of our best friends! Who knows what you're gonna marry!
What? Wait a minute, I didn't pay, I thought you paid!
We'll see.
Well, thank you for lunch.
So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see?
Oh, come on!
Take it like a man, Ross!
No! No!
Big bullies!!
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Well, but, but. . .
E-except, except that what?
Ohh, thank you for my beautiul earrings, they're perfect. I love you.
Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Thanks for being born.
Oh, now you can exchange them if you want, ok.
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
Okay. Let's bring it in.
Here you go.
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Yes I would.
I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
Nah, he doesn't do anything for me.
Oh yeah, sure, that too.
Oh my God, I can't believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.
Or incredibly offensive.
What?
Oh! That's fine.
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Great! Okay, good for you!
Really?! You think that will work?
Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
Absolutely! And if it doesn't, can I get the extra ticket?
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Well, here's your phone doctor.
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
Oh my God! Where the hell have you been?!!
Just, y'know out.
What were you doing?
Sure! God, please take those off!
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Great! Thanks, Rach!
All right.
I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!
Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
I can't believe that didn't work!
Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
Oh yeah, good start Mon.
She lets you borrow them.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
Well that was umm...Okay.
That's nice.
Mom, so what did you think?
It wasn't the best.
I don't!
Career counselor?
Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
We're not throwing it away! I built that canoe!
Good for you!!
Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
Y'know Ross why don't you put that on your answering machine!
Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
We were on a break!
Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
No Joe, no miracle.
Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
So, there was no miracle?!
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
Huh.
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Good day for married people huh?
Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is gay.
She is not... She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Our apartment is ready.
Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Sure! Here.
Insane!
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
...from the syphilis.
So, how are you?
Music. Very nice.
Oh my God!
I am good. I finished my book.
Just get away from me!
What, what are they talking about?
Rachel?
No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
All right!! Fine! Fine.
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
No! Come on!
Arrrghh!!
Monica, please?
Oh, come on!
Chasing him all around the room?
He's totally flirting with you too.
Do you want me to quit?
She's not making me uncomfortable.
Congratulations! You now just crossed the line into completely useless. Get out.
What?! What would make you think that?
Oh Ross, you're so great.
You do?
I do.
It's never gonna happen.
What?! She made the tea!
Oh!
What?!
Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
Do you remember where the duck food is?
Pheebs?
Yeah?
Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Okay, calm down, here they are.
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Phoebe!
I don't know, I don't know.
Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Oh! I knew it! What happened?
Hey.
You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Umm, she kissed me.
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!!
Do you uh, do you-ready for a refill?
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
I will not! I'm the divisional head of men's sportswear!
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Shut up!
Oh shut up more! Now, are you friends with Ralph?
Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Wow, look at these prices.
What are these, like famous chickens?
I almost caught that one!
One-Mississippi. Two-Mississippi. Three-Mississippi.
Over here!
Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7.
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
Oh-hooo, I missed you.
I missed you too.
I suppose.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Right! But, I am sorry.
She took all my stuff.
You don't even know!
You will like it!
No I won't.
Because, I know what I like and what I don't like! It's not the same thing!
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
How could you not tell us?
I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Two, two babies?
You think about stuff like that?
Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
You guys ready fore the movies?
Man! They cannot get enough!
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Chandler told me.
Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
Mon?
Okay. Okay, you don't have to walk behind me any more.
Sorry.
Mon?
Oh, that must be it.
Oh no, I'm sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.
Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.
Well I hope you have fun tonight.
Ross!
Ross.
Oh, forget it, okay?
What? What?
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
It's the same story.
Wow, it's really long.
Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
No don't! Go back to repeating!
No! Don't say that! Don't say that!
Damnit!
Damnit!
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Why? What happened to him?
Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?
But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
What?
Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Well, you-you know what I meant.
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
And thank you, for that.
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes.
I'm sorry.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
Ross?
Aw what are you?! A detective?
No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two monthsI didn't get to win once.
I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
Oh, right, clink.
That's just great.
Um, cheers.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
That is neither here nor there.
That's....
That's what?!
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's down the hall and uh, second door to your left.
Well, that's great.
From now?
Yeah.
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Oh, she's gonna love that!
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Yes, we were just...
I'm already here.
Say it!
Chuck Woolery?
Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick.
Say we are unagi!
You don't.
OK.
But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Oh! I know! It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
The end.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Men just take out wind?
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
No, only for sex.
Thank you. So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
Uh-huh.
Somebody got in late last night.
Morning.
Hey.
Yeah well, I ran into Richard.
Yeah, come here!
You like it right?
Oh absolutely. I like it even more on you than I did on Colonel Sanders. Ross! Ross! I'm kidding!
What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
You said it was okay!
Yes.
Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
It's that terrible?
Chandler!
So, will I like any of these guys?
Y'know what, I'm gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
Guys are signing over their 401-K's to me?
No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Well I-I-I'm not moving.
What?!
You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Hello.
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Maybe in L.A?
Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
That's what I did. Wah-pah!
You can't do anything!
Hey!
