Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y'know, this bra... Really, bothers me. Y'know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y'know what they'd say? Wanna hear some memories?
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I meanI'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message.
Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Oh God. No! Oh not again! This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn't working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!
I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y'know? And it's probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It's a very big deal, there's a lot of people there I have to meet.
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Okay great, hold on a sec! Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Okay, um, I... All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
Okay! "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time!
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.
Yeah. Well. Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
She's totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works.
Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter's done?
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now?
Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
I'm great! I'm great. I've got a great job at Bloomingdale's, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I'm not seeing anyone right now, I've never felt better about myself.
Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and...
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Okay. All right. Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don't have to do that! I'm happy for him! I am! I really-I'm-I'm happ-I'll work on it.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know. Ross, I still can't forgive you for what you did, I can't, I just, but sometimes when I'm with you I just, I feel so...
Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it.
Hi. Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
I have so got it. There's gonna be rumours about this, there's no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.
Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.
Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
Ugh. Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? Go ahead. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she's talking about! I am an excellent driver!
Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later.
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh...
Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh. Oh my God.
Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work!
Aww, Joey, come here. Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
But I don't, hmm... Oh, who approved that order?! Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. Get me Mark on the phone!
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.
That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
He is, isn't he? I don't know, I don't know, I mean maybe it's just being here at the beach together or, I don't know. But it's like something...
Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.
No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss...
Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...
Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just-Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay! Ready! Okay! Gimme an 'E!'
Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! Fine I want-I need more details, who-who initiated the first kiss?
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Okay. God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment...
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and...
Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Yeah... ....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn't feel bad!
Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!
Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised...
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?" Come on, I can't do this!
Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
Yeah, my mom got my dad's season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I'm looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. Is this actually a lunchbox?
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi!
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Nooo! Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
Really?! Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's-what is-what's your name?
Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
No-no, that wasn't me! Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. The selection of underwear we carry.
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
Whoa! Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much.
Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. What? I read that.
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
You guys, there's a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
All right! Ross, do you think it's easy for me to see you with somebody else?
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today.
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.
Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Nooo! It's not okay! I can't believe you would want to after what he did to me!
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they'd break you.
Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.
OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
You don't tell a guy that you're looking for a serious relationship! You don't tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Yeah, just give me a minute! Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? I warned her about those candles.
Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss.
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'
Okay, okay, okay, I got one! Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous or very stingy.
Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Oh my God! I can't believe you guys are actually think you're moving in here!
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
Ahh....So...Wow...The spring line, it's really going to be great this year, huh?
No, I've just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?
Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.
Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
Me? I'm great! I'm fine! I'm sooo good!! But, you know who's not great?! Men! You're a man right Ross?!
I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Joey, is what she just said umm-Oh my God. You were actually gonna...
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. What's that?
Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel.
No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Okay. Okay. It's-since you've never done it before you can be Monica's made of honor.
Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross's wedding.
OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary? I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.
I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter.
Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don't want you to feel like you can't tell me things.
Hi! Well, we were just about to take off and see a movie. Oh no!
I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know?
I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! Joey, do they know that we know?
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower!
Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
Ah that's great. No actually that's... That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it's time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don't' you think?
Thank you. Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?
Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o'clock position.
Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you're alone, alone. And I just-it's just not the time for us. I'm sorry.
Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
Well, we were just talkin' about you guys gettin' married and how great it is.
Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Well that-y'know it's just uh, I've never done that before. Me and him alone.
Oh my God, I can't believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.
Pheebs, I don't know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Okay, I'll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
Okay, I'll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Monica, this is Dan , one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. Uh Dan, Monica.
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick.
I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... Oh my God!!
Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Well, you know I'm not surprised. I mean have you seen them together, they're really cute.
Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
I know. Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
No, I know, but Ihe just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Oh, okay. Uhh, well let's see. You're about-well uh, this one is large. And this one-
Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. I have a date with Danny.
Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can-you have so crossed a line.
Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? Good luck, Rach.
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.
He didn't turn me down! He's at the game isn't he? I got the date, I'm just not on it!
No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.
Joey, you're gonna have to stop rushing me, you know what? You don't get any dessert.
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!
Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing?
OH MY GOD!!! Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
Monica! I couldn't find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!
Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.
Y'know what, I-I have to go talk to her, would you let me just get changed?
No! Come on its late, we're not gonna go down to the office.
All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?
Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number.
Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do.
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh... ...fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you're going out with Chip Matthews?
Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy.
Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
You have not worn that T-shirt since you were 15!! It doesn't even fit you anymore!
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."
Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is gay.
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
Oh my God you're amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
Well y'know what they say, the 23rd time's the charm. Aww, look at you all handsome!
I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Joey, you can't keep this to yourself, if you know about this, you have to tell him.
Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!
Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
Yeah, which, by the way Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Ugh, that was so embarrassing! I can't believe you let me go on and on like that!
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Honey um, honey, you do realise that we don't keep the women's lingerie here in the office?
Oh-oh-oh, symbolism! And uh, the-the uh, wildness of the mores, which I think is-is mirrored in the wildness of Heathcliff's character.
Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
: So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
We're not gonna do this, all right? She's just gonna think that we're doin' it.
So you know, I...I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.
Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom.
All right fine! You're not invited to the party we're gonna have either.
Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
We're just really...very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her!
Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!
It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay!
I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.
Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
Thank you. Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Well it's hard to tell... Oh God, if she would just stop moving.
How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale's?
Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
What do you get? Emily!! Emil-Whoa!! Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!
Oh honey, this is his office too. I told you we're Joanna's two assistants.
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
Ohh... I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?
I'm going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. Hey, Pheebs!
Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!
Uh, I'm just, I'm just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?
Wow! Tell me something Joey--Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
I know, but all that work you're doing to get it ready, I just...
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
Yeah, but umm... Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right?
I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so.... Y'know.
Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
I mean why, of all people would you want to go out with Chip?!
She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
Ross, she's not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.
Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
It's okay. Sometimes, things don't work out the way you'd thought they would.
Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?
No, I'm just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it's trifle time!
That's good enough. Right? Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!
Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
Well, I didn't see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh!
Wait a minute, you're only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?
Okay, that doesn't help me, because we went to the same high school.
Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.
Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!
Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
What are you talking about Pheebs? I don't... Oh my God, you drew on me?!
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Y'know what? I think we can just leave it at that. It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!
Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go. Mark, I need you!
Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Well, I will go to the hospital tomorrow, it'll still be broken then.
She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday...
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again.
Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?
Anyway, um, I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
Look Ross, if you're so freaked out, just get in the car!
C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, uniform things?
Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year?
OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?
So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.
Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.
Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
And your lap does not count! Okay? Come on help me move this.
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric Sorry.
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Oh no-no-no don't say but! No-no, but's never good! Let's just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
What, no, no, no, mine are deceptively small I mean, I-I-I actually sometimes, st-stuff my bra.
I don't know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it'll die.
Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I'm just glad we didn't do anything stupid.
Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.
Hi! You might not remember us, but we are the girls that fogged you.
Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.
No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! What is the matter with you guys?
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Well, I'll be waiting for you, just come up when you're done.
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God... Come and knock on my door...
What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
...I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.
Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
Oh no, I'm sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!
Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Hey! Oh my God you're here, let me see your hand!!
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Oh, I am, my side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
Come on! I don't want you thinking of me like that any more!
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
And y'know what else, oh my God, are they gonna love you.
I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go.
Phoebe? I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. You gotta come with me!
Hello! Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! It's Chandler.
Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
Ohh, okay. Wh-Ah-ha! Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can't do it.
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
I know. I know. Oh God. There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
I feel like we're the only two people in the world. Oops. Sorry.
Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!
Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I'm leaving! You are just a horrible person!
Joey, would you just come out here and stop being such a baby!
Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
Hey, did you guys check out those new hand-dryers in the bathroom?
Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!
Honey, no one thinks you're a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue.
God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.
Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?
Remember?! We-come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops...
What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
Why? Just because you're not mature enough to understand something like that?!
Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Well hello! So, when are we gettin' back out on the water matey?
Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.
Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.
Well if you go to Disneyland, you don't spend the whole day on the Materhorn.
Oh. Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner.
I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone...
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt
OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt
So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room.
Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
Oh Monica come on, y'know I don't sleep with guys on the first date!
Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Oh! Good thing Chandler's not here, he always wins at this game.
No? Y'know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?
Because you're not finished yet and I won't have it! Greens do not quit!
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.
Oh, y'know, would you just for once, not remember every...little...thing!!
Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn't happen.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? She was a big girl.
Man in the black dress... Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.
I'd love that. I would loooove... So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
For every night that you're asleep before I get home from work...
Yeah, I guess. I-I... I mean, do-do you think we're ever gonna have that?
Okay please, you're kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny.
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it's not!
So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?
Hello? Uh, Rachel. Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!
Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.
What's that song? It has been in my head all day long.
Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
Monica, you don't even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!
I mean maybe you didn't hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
Pheebs is your grandmother maybe saying that you should live here alone?
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
Oh thank you. Hey y'know, I'm so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.
Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.
Hmm. Umm, why do you have a copy of The Shining in your freezer?
How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I'll pay.
Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... What?!
Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!
Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.
OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Oh wait, Ross, would you just stay and help me get dressed?
Now, you do realize that she's a cartoon, and way out of your league?
No, hey, come on, if he asked you first, that's only fair.
Ok, I've got one. Wow, those things almost never come true.
No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
He's got this thing. And I keep telling him to go to my chiropractor...
Oh, stop that! Don't kid about that! Will all the stars be there?
I mean is that woman capable of talking about anything else but sex?
Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, I just loved your look when you were bald.
Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... ... oh, the foot of the bed.
So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please?
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Okay Ross, we're-wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
Yeah and we'll drop it off downstairs so that we're not tempted.
I'll take a coffee. So how was your big date last night?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.
Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.
I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
Well, we're a little early, the lecture doesn't end for 15 minutes.
Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go somewhere.
Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
I'm sorry. All right, I'll just stay in here this time. Okay.
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Oh, Chandler!! All right, this is it! You never see Joanna again!
I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
...I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Ohh, gee. I wonder why she thinks you're going to call her?
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!
Ross! Phoebe's gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!
Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.
No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.
Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."
Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
I bet he sensed that I was ready to have sex with another guy.
Ross, no! There is no way I am leaving this room looking like this!
Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. He's the head of my department.
Oh God! This is silly, I'm gonna see you in a couple of hours!
I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
Oh my God! Yes, I would love that, oh, that is soo sweet, Joey.
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?
Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome.
Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.
Yeah! Ohh, I've been waitin' so long to get on that body!
Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
You know what honey, you go ahead, we'll call her an alternate.
I'll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
All right, well the place was closed. I'll just copy it later.
Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so...
Well, we were going to do that after-I mean umm, next.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.
No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Yeah, but Mon that's totally different. He was you're health teacher.
Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. What?
Here we go. I'm serving my last cup of coffee. There you go. Enjoy.
You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don't tell the guy that!
You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.
I'm sorry, I was just thinking you're day could still pick up.
I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
What is my sister doing there?! And why are the drapes shut?!
Oh my God Ross! What in heaven's name are you doing here?
I will wake you up in a way that's proved very popular in the past.
No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.
Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.
No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!
Joey, honey, I don't think you're supposed to go back there.
Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Oh my gosh, wow. Monica. Oh my god. Mom. This is so great.
Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.
No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.
Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. Umm, so you like it?
I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
I cannot believe that you didn't tell me that we are still married!!
I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Yes, his name is Barry, he's a doctor, thank you very much.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Ooh, so cute, that I'm thinking about jamming this pen in my eye.
So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
I just, Phoebe, said y'know thought she saw something between you guys.
You may need to use this year to teach Ben about Phoebe.
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!
He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
She could be out of town. Maybe she'll be gone for months.
Oh yeah! Oh my God! That is our friend! It's Naked Ross!
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Y'know who doesn't even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.
Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
Oh but Phoebe, we're gonna be late for the movie.
Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Oh hell, he's done this three times! He knows what its about!
Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
Yeah actually, I think we're gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
Ohh, I just don't think I have enough left on my credit card.
Y'know you're-you're probably wondering about the old date on there.
Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!
Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?
Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
I'm not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn't.
Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Take 'em! Joey, you can touch them! They're your underwear.
No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Yeah! It's weird. But the thing is need to find a date.
Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?
Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Because it's Richard's son! It's like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
No Mon, you want to put them in concentric circles. I want to do this.
All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!
I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick?
Okay, see now I'm scared because I don't actually think you're kidding.
NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Now that you're on you're own, you're free to look as stupid as you like.
We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.
Yeah! You can hook it up to your TV and you get radio!
Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has!
All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it...
Well forget it, I'm not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
Oh, but y'know, no, you didn't give me your phone number.
Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.
Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?
Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! No! Not in there! He's in there!
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome.
Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.
Ross you're not listening to me, I don't have time to stop.
Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room.
Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys.
No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
Oh we were, but that was just a , I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.
What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?
See, there's always one guy. "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes."
Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Okay, so let's play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
Phoebe?! Wait a-but-but she just, she said that Joey was her backup.
Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?
Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him.
Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
Well, I'll ask him for you, if you want me too?
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
No, I have all of the good words. OK, fine, fine, we can switch.
What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.
Yeah it is, it is. We really, really have to do something about that.
And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love."
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history...
Okay, so anyway I'm sittin' in my office and guess who walks in.
Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?
And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!
So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it--Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.
Ohh, thank you for my beautiul earrings, they're perfect. I love you.
Well, can't you tell her that you are not in the mood?
I would love to live with you Ross; that's-that's great! Thank you!
: Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
Well, y'know it's just been so long since I've been to Chuckie Cheese.
Oh, come on! I'll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.
Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?
Yeah! Yeah. They're...they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
I just- I don't think us getting back together is a good idea.
Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!
This bench, it's hollow! I can't believe I never knew that! Oh, the presents!!!
Oh! Yay! Look! There's a piece that doesn't have floor on it!
What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Maybe. I-I don't know-Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
Well, I like the pretty little drawing of you in the wedding dress.
Why would you even want to come Ross? You're a horrible skier.
All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!
She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Huh, that's funny. You look like you're gonna be the...
Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
That was surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story.
Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
Everything's ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.
Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
All right, we've got to tell her he's gone.
Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
Oh God. Oh I can't believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up!
Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
Yeah? Well, you should know. You've bought like a billion of 'em.
Hey! Hey, you guys, I finished the crossword all by myself! Hug me!
Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups!
Y'know Ross why don't you put that on your answering machine!
Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh Chandler!! You guys are gonna be so happy!
Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn't a chair.
All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting.
Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.
Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Oh my God! Phoebe look, it's Ross and that girl.
Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.
With my alignment. I've got one leg shorter than the other.
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?!
Really?! You think so? Y'know, I had just rolled out of bed.
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
Well umm, maybe we could uhh... Ah-ha! Too slow!!
Hi! Thanks, hey so uh what'd you do last night?
Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
Oh, honey, don't worry. She's gonna make it on time.
Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone.
Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.
Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?
Sure, I'll just sit next to the trans-sexual from purchasing.
Oh, ah nothin'. I just felt like hangin' out here and reading.
I... It just-it took me so long to get that desk organized.
Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Yeah, sure. All right, whose court is the ball in now?
Well, why do y'know go in that room and do your homework?
Excuse us for a minute. You didn't tell her to come?!
But! Don't you have to give him his money back?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
All right, that's it, you guys! What happened out there?
Phoebe you can't have both of them! You have to pick one!
But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."
Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?
No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
Ohhh... Okay, you were right. You were right! This was just not worth it.
Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.
Oh, please tell me it's not because I'm going with Mark.
Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?
Oh, y'know what? I can't. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.
Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!
Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.
Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?
How could you not tell me that she has hair?
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Well wait a minute, what happened to Days of Our Lives?
Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
Hello?! Oh, yeah! This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. Yeah!
Wow, that's great Ross, I'm sorry we weren't more supportive before.
Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.
So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can't we just flip a coin?!
What about you honey, who would be on your list?
Come on, please?! I'm boredddd! You let me do it once before.
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Excuse me, Dr. Bobby happens to be an excellent doctor.
Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks.
Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!
...we went back the house and we got really silly and we...we made out.
Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?
Okay. All right, that's true! But y'know I just don't embarrass that easily.
Tommy's supposed to be here soon, we're going to lunch.
Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Yeah, I-I heard. I think it's great! Ohh, I'm so happy for you!
Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Oh Ross you're so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax...
What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.
Oh my God! That's so great! I'm so happy for you guys!
Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.
Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."
See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse.
Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
Well, y'know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Oh, hey, don't you have to go pick up Emily?
Okay. Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan?
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
Ohh wow! I'm sorry, but Ross you kicked off your shoes!
What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
No. What do you do if I say we are coming about?
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
Oh, no problem. I'm so glad I could help. Happy for you.
Oh honey thank God you're home, I was getting worried.
Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
I don't know, something either trees or disease-Ralph mumbles a lot.
What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?
Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!
No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I-would you-actually, would you go check on that?
Hello? Yeah, this is she. Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! Oh thank you! I love you!
Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.
Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?
Oh yeah, now everybody wants to be under this hat!
So, if-if I mess this up, there's nothing else for dessert?
Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
I ah, will buy and wrap all of your Christmas gifts.
Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker Texas Ranger?
Oh yeah, Joey broke it. Had to get rid of it.
Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
So you'll definitely get onstage, even if you don't win.
Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad.
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Hi! Okay, don't be mad at me, but I couldn't resist.
I mean do you have any fun, you know, fantasy type things?
They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake!
Well okay-Well don't ruin it! Just play along at least!
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
Okay, do you see, do you see what you're keeping me married too?!
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?
Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
You walked around all night in the city by yourself?
Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
So what should we do? Should we start looking for a new place?
What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!
Oh my God! Why is he jumping on those women!
I ah... Oh! I'll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!
Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.
Oh wait, don't you have to pay for your, Busty Ladies?
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
And I still have about five seconds to spare. Okay, that was about seven seconds.
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
I can't believe they've been together for three years.
That's easy for you to say, you weren't almost just killed.
Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
She'll be a much better friend when the market closes.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Hey, do you believe this? Do you believe they are actually getting married?
Yeah! Right! Okay, I'll see you guys later. Woo hoo!
Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Wow. Well, I guess it was Cupid who brought her here.
Oh my God! Calling from Rome! Bon giorno, caro mio.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. Hey sisters! Wow, we really are bitches.
All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Okay, but before you go, could you help me first?
You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
Yeah, it is! But you're just a kid! I mean you're 25!
Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
No honey, we're sorry, we didn't mean it. I love you. I love you.
Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
You just don't look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.
Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Hey! What happened to you? Why didn't you come up?
Noo!! No! You thought, you actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?!
Oh well, you don't want to do that now?!
Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I'll go under, you go over!
Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Yeah? Wow! Y'know, that this thing has speakers in the headrest!
Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
Well, Chandler, you're gonna have to tell him.
Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
Well you uh, you were always really good at the uh, at the uh the stuff.
Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
And you're still not attracted to him at all?
All right, well how much time do you need?
I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
How-how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
You wanna go in the bedroom? It's a little more comfortable.
Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down that...garbage chute.
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?
Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
Okay Phoebe, we can not tell anyone about this.
Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Oh I know, my God, this is so-this rice is so-I am so good.
Well, y'know, possibly. You didn't tell him that, though? Right?
Oh yeah? Startin' to feel her again there are we?
OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.
Honey, I'm sorry, but he's right. I love you, but you're crazy.
Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
Well, why shouldn't I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful job!
I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Ross, I didn't think it would that big of a deal.
Chandler, what are you doing? There is a trash can right there.
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
I'm sorry, I just can't go to the hospital lookin' like this.
Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!
Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter's machine!!
Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing!
No, of course, of course I've heard of them! Ross, what did you get?
Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.
Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
No seriously, y'know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
"I'm Monica, I don't get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"
Wow! Umm, y'know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn't.
Phoebe, don't you think you've had enough to drink?
I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.
Ross! Y'know what, I just got-why? Why did you do this?!
I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
Ross, would you just stop it! It's getting really old.
I can't talk to you. I can't even look at you right now!
How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
I'm more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?
Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.
She's actually very sweet and we used to be very close.
You don't want to work for a guy like that.
But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
All right, come on, let's go get your coat.
You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.
We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.
Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.
No, actually I took it off then I drew it back on.
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Oh, did you not want people to know that?
Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a charity event tonight?
Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
Hey Pheebs, you're still alive! How are you doing?
Okay, you are going to tell her and you're going to tell her now.
Oh, honey! Don't get up! What do you need?
Even when we were having sex in that chair?
Look at that! Look at that! We all do it. Okay, I'm stopping now.
Or I'll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
We don't want it-it to be too much, we want it to be subtle.
Well, sure! Come in! Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I just bring it out in him.
Yeah, I didn't want you to get hit by the boom!
I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda!
You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
Yeah, they were very y'know...wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
Well! Is everybody else having just the best time?!
And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket?
Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny's funeral in here.
Uh, we are here to break up with you.
No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
Why, when did you get out of the game?
Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Umm, well let's see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.
Ughhhh!! Forget it! This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
So are things with you and Joey any better?
I'm telling you it's like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.
Okay, uhh, I think I'm going to run to the ladies room.
Well, it's a long story, but umm I broke Joey's chair...
Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.
Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
I mean n-not-not fake at all like most famous people.
Well, y'know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.
I can't believe Mark didn't call. It's Sunday night, and he didn't call.
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
: Thank you. : I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
Oh I don't know honey. It's gonna be really late.
Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
Yeah, and and, I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you?
What? It's true, my right leg is two inches shorter.
What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
How does going to a strip club help him better?
Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!
Oh no! No! It's actually-it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! Yeah, do you want it?
All right, so are we not having dinner at all?
Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you.
Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some.
I don't care! The wires have come loose in your head!
Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?
God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Well, we have gotta find out if he's alive.
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
We... We are not... ...going to let it... be a problem.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London?
Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!
I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Oh yeah. Right. So now, are-do you, do you still do music?
Fancy soap? I thought we were savin' that for the Pope!
Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
Vogue! Hey, so tell me about this Jane Eyre woman.
Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
Y'know what? I don't, I don't think Phoebe really wants to come.
Monica, your Sweet Sixteen was like a million years ago.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
What? C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!
What? Oh my God! I'm gonna miss you so much!
Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother.
Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself.
Y'know, you should never be allowed to talk to people!
All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now.
Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes.
You remember not having sex in high school, right?
Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Oh my God! Oh my God! I can't go! I'm gonna be too nervous!
We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys.
That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice.
My boss, Joanna? Wow, that must've been awkward.
Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. What?
Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Well, I-I-I've been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
Well, I-I-I've been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross.
Yeah! You-you got the job! You're my new assistant!
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!
And you were at this job for four years?
Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't... Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula!
So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
I don't know. What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Oh my God, look-look he's taking off her clothes!
Yeah, 'cause that's why you won't get Isabella Rosselini, geography.
You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth.
Oh my God! This is it! I really hope it's you!
Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? Especially you!
You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.
Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.
I am not gonna get fired, because I'm not gonna act on it.
Ohhh, this is the least jealous I've ever been!
See, I don't know, for me it would have to Chantal.
Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin' at him.
Ross, get over it! It's not like she hates you.
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Yeah, so let's get started on the wedding plans!
Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
Oh, umm, I was just y'know working out and umm... Oh, that's it.
Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent.
Joey, what are you talking about? You're a terrific actor.
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Well, so, why don't you just turn it off?
Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...
So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
Hey look-look, Phoebe's talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
I'm not gonna gooo, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
See Pheebs, I promised you no one would die, didn't I?
Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
I hope it's still funny when you're in hell.
They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.
That is it! You just barge in here, you don't knock
Any chance you think the couch looks good there?
Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?
Of course they're listening to you! Everybody listens to you.
So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college.
Oh my God, Monica's gonna go out with a millionaire.
Oh, thank you that's very helpful, I'm glad you came over.
Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
You're not the man who left the cell phone.
Ugh, Monica I don't want to steal your stupid thunder!
Okay, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
That's right Joey, the chair angel came in and heeled your chair.
Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Awww, stop. Come on. Now go shave that head!
I don't know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Hey, how are those tapes working out for ya?
Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! You can throw the rest away.
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Hi, I'm Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?
I still don't get how you know when it's false labour.
Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
I don't know why they didn't just tell us.
Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
Well, then I get to give him the cell phone.
Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
I... Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Umm, well let's see Monica and Chandler are occupied.
And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
"Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
Alright, Monica, I want you to have the first taste.
Well Chandler, what is this very weird, metal A Z thing?
Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.
Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.
Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
What, as part of your poor friends outreach program?
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
So just bring it back downstairs, what's the problem?
I mean we're not, we're not gonna live together anymore?
Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. Ahh. So, dig in!
So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?
Joey! It is an auction! You don't guess, you buy!
Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna...
I don't even know how I would go about it.
Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
Oh my God! I'm gonna have to find another minister.
Well since I'm movin' out and-and you're so beautiful...
Y'know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!
Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
I'm gonna go get one of those job things.
Oh, could somebody give me a hand with this zipper?
Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica's!
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right?
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?
Come on see, she doesn't look that bad.
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
Ross said there's still no word from Chandler.
No. And then I called him, and he wasn't there.
I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars.
So does it really hurt as bad as they say?
Hi! Oh, how was your date last night?
Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.
I mean he just started going out with her.
Yeah but, I've never asked a guy out before.
Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
All right are you guys gonna come down?
No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.
Oh my God! You're a 30 year old virgin!
Do you want to put the book in the freezer?
O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
You want me to talk you out of it?
Can I please be there when you tell her?
Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?
Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!
Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I'm okay.
Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
Yes, but still. They're people...with eyes.
Or. We could put a hat on his head.
What, so I can't lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Since when, since when do you think I don't wear enough of this?
Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Ohh. So you raised her all on your own?
Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
No, these aren't all my suitcases. This one's Paolo's.
Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Okay, now make it even, 'cause we don't...
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Remember when we were in high school together?
But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
Yeah! And until now, I didn't think I'd love again.
Oh!! I love this job! Wow! My first call.
So what are you guys going to do?
Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?
Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so...
No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!
So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.
Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
You ah, you didn't say 'Yes' to that did you?
Come on. Oh! And, uh, by the way....
Oh my God! What does that thing do?
Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
Ummm, I think it's time to see the ring again.
Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.
Okay well Ross! Stop it please! Wait a minute!
Oh! Well let's look for them. Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?
You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
Yeah! But I don't know what he looks like!
Guess what. Ben just said his first word.
Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples?
Wait, I'm not just gonna drink somebody's old coffee.
What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
We are so gonna find them this year.
Well, he gets the other one all riled up.
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
Joey, you have got to take this back!
Wait a minute! Why don't you guys do something?!
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Anyway sweetie, I am, I'm so sorry I ruined your night.
You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!
Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!!
It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken. Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.
And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!
Well of course that is what I'm here for!
Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
I don't like sitting up here! I'm just gonna over...
Ross, what's the big deal? So I kissed the guy!
Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't-I still can't believe it.
Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
There were times when it wasn't even me.
Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?
Oh Ross, would you stop, you got me, I'm dating you.
Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
Hey-whoa, slow down. No, keep moving. Wow!
Oh, little 'X's! Great! That makes up for everything!
Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
Oh my God. Did you talk to him?
Oh yeah! Y'know, if it's not a headboard, it's just not worth it.
Oh, it's the best! So, umm how's Monica?
And Monica, what are you going to make?
Oh it's umm, it's tofu cake. Do you want some?
No, it was just the three of us.
We ended up having sex in his chair.
Oh thank you! Oh God! Can I have another one?
Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?
Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
No!! No! He's not married, or involved, with anyone!
Ohh, my new assistant is working out, yes.
Whoops. Oh, hey, do you need help with that?
Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
Okay that is the one we already have!
Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing.
Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
With my sister Jill and my ex-boyfriend Ross?
C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
'Gone for more jars. Back later. Monica Geller.'
Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!
I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
It's not funny, this is actually my job.
Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Okay, maybe they are not funny to you...
Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Hey-hey, now he's showing us his poking device.
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
You are so just doing this out of spite.
Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.
What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!
'Okay. Okay, daddy we'll see you tomorrow night. Okay bye-bye.'
Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Yeah, this is Tag. Tag, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Oh, you know what? Rachel.. She just left.
What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!
Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.
Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!
Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!
Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.
Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Oh, go on! You telling people about me?
Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure?
Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
Well we're gonna miss you around here.
Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he?
Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. See you.
Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye.
Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?
Okay, let me just get a cup of coffee.
Yeah! I am soo gonna marry that guy. Ohhh!
So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?
Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.
Fine. Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
Yes of course, absolutely! You're right. I'm sorry.
Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
I can make you a legend. I can make you this generation's Milton Berle.
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Joey! Kinda in the middle of a story here!
Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Isn't it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin' married.
Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?
Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Well, I was gonna, but I accidentally read something else.
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Oh, oh, that's what you're talking about. Hey.
Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
What? Wait a minute, I didn't pay, I thought you paid!
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Phoebe is gonna be Monica's maid of honor!
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
Oh that's right! I'm sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!!
You really think it would be that different?
The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
What? What is so strange about me having a date?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
So, does this come in another color or...
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
How come we have one extra place setting?
No, I think it's very obvious who's wrong here.
Ugh, how can you even ask that question?!
Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Oh yeah he's too cute to be straight.
Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.
Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?
Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Hey! Umm, do you guys have any juice?
Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.
Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back.
Well, maybe you didn't want it to end?
I am so psyched I kept this chair for myself!
Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.
Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.
I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Well, I should think so. You slept with someone.
Well it's mine too! What else you got?!
Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!
Why does it matter so much to you?!
Eavesdropping. Pheebs, the ceiling tiles were falling down.
Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living!
They're in Vermont!! How could this happen?!
Ooh, I have to go pack. It really does?
Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
Ohh! It's so nice to meet you. Hello.
Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
You guys are unbelievable. No! He cannot come.
You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors.
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.
Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.
And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
Well, I'm gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind.
No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can't! I can't do it! It's just gonna freak me out!!!
You really, really need to get some sleep, honey.
Yeah, y'know what? Don't look at it. Seriously, don't look at it.
And you're no friend to those with noses.
Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.
OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.
Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Okay, that we may be able to do.
Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?
Well, then I lost it. You buy me one!
Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger?
Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
I don't know. Do-do you have any clothes on?
Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
What are you doing?! Get in the front!
So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.
Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.
Well I just came... I just needed to tell you... Congratulations.
Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
It's not a miracle Joey! I'm sure there's some explanation.
Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Well mainly because he's kissing that other guy.
I'm so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.
OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty.
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already?
But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!
Do you remember where the duck food is?
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Oh! Whoops! I'm sorry, you were talking about Emily!
Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
Ok, here, I know what we can do.
Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.
Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out!
And while I'm gone don't you boys sneak a taste.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.
I'm sorry. I didn't-I don't come in here a lot.
And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.
And ya know what, now I've got closure.
Oo, I can't watch this, it's like Sophie's Choice.
Monica! Look! Hi! What do ya think?
I wasn't supposed to put beef in the trifle!
No, you know what, I think you should go.
No, you know what, I think you should go.
Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
I don't know. Y'know, they didn't get us anything.
No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross.
Well, so what're you gonna do?
Okaaay. Any of you guys want anything else?
I know! My God! Do you have your speech?
What are you? Monica!! Stop it!! Oh my God! Stop it!
Oh my God! That is so good!
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Hey! Those are all the things I'm responsible for!
I... Well, I don't think they need any help.
I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it ...
You are asking me to be your wife!
That's right! You do what the hand says!
Tommyyyy! Say, what's your favourite thing about summer?
Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!
Okay, it's not Relaxi Cab. It's Relaxicab, like taxicab.
Well what is it? Let me see.
But y'know umm, Rachel doesn't rhyme with draddle.
Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot
Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
All right that's it! I am maid of honor!
So, will I like any of these guys?
Yeah, we got him back. Everything's fine.
Well look, if you don't like this...
Yeah honey you don't believe her do you?
Can't I just look at the handles on them?
Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
Oh, I blew it. I wouldn't of even hired me.
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
Did you know he was in there?
Thank you. Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
Ross, she's gonna start getting ready soon!
No, was he any good in it?
Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .
Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
Umm, I think he's still out. What's wrong?
Oh! I've got a lot of those too!
Well y'know, we did other stuff too.
Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.
No-no, they're not very nice people.
Why would a charity give away a free boat?!
Okay. Are you sure you wanna hear this?
You guys are really right...there aren't you?
I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
Ohh no you don't! You got lighting last time, lighting is mine!
Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.
Honey, what are you doing? That's too heavy.
Oh, God, ask them what they want.
No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Oh yeah. All right, back to work.
Oh, y'know what, I didn't want cinnamon on this.
All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Ross, it's okay. You can come out.
Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do?
Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in.
Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?
Am I going to let you watch me undress?
But y'know, I could use a hand getting ready.
Yeah, yeah I think I'm gonna find my own place.
Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
But he has to know how I feel!
Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Oh, this lipstick looks just great on you.
What're you guys doing out here?
To get you to make out with him!!!
Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Well then I can't tell you what I know.
Oh honey, but it is just about...
Is this a little too... Pheebs, what happened?
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
I will not! I'm the divisional head of men's sportswear!
That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Oh my God, I gotta go to work!
No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
Yeah! His name is um, Mark something.
Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.
Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?
OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?
Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Honey, you got a little thing on your...
Ah, so what are we looking at?
These are from Halloween three years ago.
Joey I don't think you know what behalf means.
I really think you need to go now.
No-no, seriously-seriously, what was the especially me part about?
Ross, why didn't you tell me that?
Oh, right! Wait a minute, I do that too.
Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.
It's okay! It's okay! It kicked once, it'll kick again!
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here!
Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
Okay! So, we'll just stay married.
Come on apartment! Come on apartment! Oh! I know queen is high!
Well, we never actually got to dinner.
Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just... Wow!
Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?
I didn't know you could get married here.
Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something?
Oh what, you-you want both of them?
What am I making him by the way?
No, I think that was the whole all.
Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
I got to figure out what I'm going to wear.
Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
Monica, betting the apartment, I don't know about this.
But your divorce isn't even final yet.
Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Three people. Joshua's not gonna be there.
And I'm in it? Then let me read it.
Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
What? Wait! Why...why do you get the story?
Get the hell out of there, y'know?
Get the hell out of there, y'know?
So were you guys together a long time?
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Which one do you think she is?
Phoebe, you had a date three days ago.
Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Phoebe, I mean, you do know he's married?
Get your hands out of there! No!
Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.
On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
No! If there was I wouldn't tell you.
Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake.
You were really gonna do that, weren't you?
Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
Hi! I just wanna--Ahhh!!! Oh my God! Oh my God!
What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
You promised you would break up with her!
Don't!! Honey, what are you doing here?!
Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
Then, you will definitely get him back!
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
All right, I'll see you guys later.
Come on, they were not that huge.
Noo, that's our unbelievably loud upstairs neighbor.
Ross, you had sex with another woman!
Yeah. Ahh, here's a box of your stuff.
Phoebe, it's okay. I like living with Joey.
People are trying to sleep in here!
Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
I was just getting him to like you.
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
Pheebs, I don't think anyone's mad about that.
Hi officer, was I going a little too fast?
Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.
But I told you, I didn't have the time!
You don't pick me! You're stuck with me!
Ross, you're like my best friend.
No! There's no orange juice in there! We win!!
Uh, honey, yeah that was with Carol.
Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me.
Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me.
You never come into this office again!
But I haven't used my card in weeks!
Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now who's a pushover?
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
You know, actually it's more like, hi.
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Wh--Why don't I tell you over here?
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Im okay! Im okay! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?
December 26th, huh maybe she's Santa Clause.
Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Okay, I'll see you after the thing.
Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?
Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
Hey! That's just poking me in the eye!
I am so hot for you right now.
Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
I can't believe it! He still hasn't called.
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil.
Thank you. Hello? I still don't get it.
So it would just be, me alone?
Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Well why didn't you take the job?
Yeah, come on! What's going in on in there?
Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Bye. Ahhh... So this is fun, huh?
Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
So uh, Ryan, were you shipping off to?
Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
No, you could've lost your job.
I am. Let me just get my coat.
Okay guys, way to wish me luck!
Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?
Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
...if you tell me, I might do it.
Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
I'm just kidding too. I'm getting married in December.
Oh, it's just like a bloodbath in here today.
Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.
Oh my God! You really are freakishly strong!
Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...
Chandler! You're smoking? What are you doing?!
Why the hell didn't you tell me!
Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.
Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.
Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the chickas?
Why would I have to sleep with you?
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
Why, how much is this gonna cost?
Okay. Oh wait, wait-wait, you're not gonna come with me?
Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay.
I know! I know, it's such a huge, life-altering thing.
So Pheebs, what is the book about?
Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight?
Now that she broke up with you?
Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
No, we didn't get married! That's ridiculous!
Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.
I don't want you to see me naked!
Oh! That would be sooo much fun!
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
Monica, I don't want to lose 200 dollars.
Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?
Oh, Ross, I'm sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
I'm so happy and not at all jealous.
No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Wow, he must like you the best.
I could not have done this without you.
I could not have done this without you.
What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
And that's I'm so glad... there's no problem.
Oh God, even his knock is boring.
Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo!
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Ok, I will have the uh, side salad.
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Why aren't you guys at the movie?
Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Already? That's pretty bad what you did.
I'll help you throw out your purse.
How can you not remember us kissing?!
Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.
Have you ever seen so much crap?
Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Not for me. Chip and I broke up!
Op, but the twelfth brings a lover's spat.
What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
I'm just sort of in the middle of something.
Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
No! God, would you just calm down!
I don't have any issues with my Father.
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
Um-hmm. There we go. There it is.
Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Oh thank you so much Mr. Kaplan, thank you so much.
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
Noo! Oh God we did-we didn't, we didn't uhh...
Oh yeah? Did he pull the old...
It's left sweetie, but that's okay sweetie, that's a tough one.
Well, what are you going to wear?
Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor?
If we broke up, and I lost you...
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
Uh-hmm, uh-hmm, yeah, yeah, I really liked your hands.
You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
Oh, Danny just went into room 217.
How-how did you lose your job here?
No, it's all right. I got nice boobs.
I'm not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!
Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
Joey, where did you learn that word?
Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?
Chandler!! Promise me, you will end it.
Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend...
Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
Oh yeah, they're really great! Aren't they?
Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
Well-well a little blind sided but y'know good.
Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.
Well, I-I should've told you the truth.
What? Who the hell is Emily- noooo!!
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
So did you break up with Joanna?
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
You have been maid of honor before?!!
Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?!
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
That almost hit me in the face.
Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Sure! God, please take those off!
Okay! All right! How was she?
Okay! All right! How was she?
Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.
Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos
Hey-hey! Oh, look at you, all sexy.
I just purchased the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000.
Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?
Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Well, alright, then, forget it. Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!
Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.
I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
She's steaming her dress, why? What's up?
Oooh, honey, you're not a total loser.
Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.
Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.
Okay, uh-uh imagine this, "The Mr. Bowmont."
Yeah! Okay, two larges coming right up!
But Joey you don't have $20,000!
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Okay. We'll be right back.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Well, h-how is this like that?
What the hell is that?!! What the hell is that? Is that you? Ohhhhhhh!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
So did you read your evaluation yet?
Ummm. Oh! I'm sorry. It's a little old but...
Oh, okay, we're going. Yeah.
Oh, okay, we're going. Yeah.
Oh! I have your key. Here you go.
Good day for married people huh?
Oh God, I really had a good time!
I think she's checking out your beehive Ross.
Oh, please, you wanted to get caught.
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
Okay, just give me the damn drops!
Well,sounds like you two have issues.
So-Hey, Pheebs! So, how are the elves?
Oh my God! Look at this!
See? Now, he could date her.
Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!
Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
No, I'll think about it. Yeah.
Well, can I talk to you for a sec?
No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
Okay, you'd tell me the truth. Right?
Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
Ross, there is no us, OK.
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
That was her idea, I just gave her a nudge.
Ok. Look uhh, Mon I'm, I'm really sorry.
I mean it's the end of an era!
Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
Just give us our apartment back!
Do we have to tell her?
No, I meant with the dropper over here.
So, uh, how was your day?
Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! Yeah, well, that oughta do it.
Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
Oh, y-yeah, so, you-you love me!
Yeah, I'm doing okay. I'm um...let's talk.
So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?
Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.
Oh, are you sure you're ok?
Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
So what are you gonna do?
Let me see that. Oh, yeah.
Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here..
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
Oh, no, meh-nah-nah-nah, come on you're gonna ruin it!
Yeah, and not a very good one.
Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.
You didn't break up with that fireman?
Oh but look! That's gonna leave a stain!
Huh. Does Monica know about this?
This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
I tried! They won't take her back.
Thank you! Hey, how'd the catering go?
Oh, look at the little cat! Look at it!
Somebody got in late last night.
Oh my God you stole her award!
Oh, Joey, look who it is.
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
So, um, will you bring the truck?
Not even with your best friend.
Well, so what does he do?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe I should go!
I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Wow! I can't believe you lied to me.
Do you even know who Kip is?
Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
Well, she told me. She said she's kinda a loner.
Good, you guys are all here!
Oh wow! Look at this place!
Dealer takes two. What do you bet?
You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
Yeah, I know... ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
How is you drinking helping the kids?
Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Hey, who's this little naked guy?
What? I was just trying to teach you.
Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!
Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Guess who we ran into today?!
Well, then can we meet him?
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Hi, this is my friend Rachel.
So what's going on with you?
Hey, do you guys have... ...hi.
When did you go to a sperm bank?
Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Oh, you go out with him.
The meeting with the guy went great?
Oh and I'll call ya too!
So Pheebs, pick one of them.
Do you got your gracious loser face?
Phoebe, honey, wanna get some breakfast?
They had to have that specially made?!
Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Look, either help me or go.
Uh, yeah, if you want too.
From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Excuse me, there was no time!
Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
See? I've even called Animal Control!
We love you, we're here for you.
Oh, here's that trench-coat that you wanted.
Oh please, they're having sex.
Wow! I did not see that coming.
Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
How have you never been on Oprah?
Oh Ross, you're so great.
Oh Ross, you're so great!
Oh Ross, you're so great.
I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!
Oh, I think I saw some in here.
What is this? What are we doing?
Well, y'know I-I don't know where he is.
Nothing. I don't want to do anything.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Oh. Yes! I would so move out!
All right, it won't come off!
So you know how to fix it?
Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?
You have no respect for anybody's privacy!
Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.
Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.
Oh, I gotta get back to work.
I haven't seen him in so long!
Chandler!! Are you gonna call her!
Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
Oh my God, honey that's great.
Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
Agh, it was the graduation from hell.
Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Well, look at that, same thing.
Well, look at that, same thing.
Monica, where did you get these?!
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it?
Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
Joey, why would you do that?
Okay, well, we won that one.
Oh, hi! How are you doing?
What are you guys doing here?
Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
Yeah that's actually a pretty good idea.
Thank you. So are we good?
Come on you gotta have one!
Hey, Pheebs, quick question for ya.
What?! No! I'm not gonna move out!
Oh. Oh my God, is that Phoebe?
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Well, it was all Ross's idea.
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?
This time it's not so funny.
Well relax, he'll be here.
Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
I'm not saying that I'm a lesbian! I'm just saying that this happened!
Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
No, it wasn't. It was actually the...
Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch.
Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.
I cannot believe I'm gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Ohh, okay, how about five. Ohh, thank you.
And all these people actually died?
And thank you for your time.
Ok honey, you really need a job.
Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Ohh, I love Joey! Joey lives with a duck!
Oh, it's just an anti-theft device.
Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?
'Kay. Congratulations on your new job.
Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
I've never lived like this before.
Take the top down did ya?
Oh wow! This is so cool.
Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?
Oh! Well, um.. You've got plugs!
Well, how did you find out?
We'll be right back sir.
Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife's name?
Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
You guys wanna get some coffee?
You think about stuff like that?
And um, what-what is that Ross?
Yeah well unless we tell him.
Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!
No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
All right, then you owe me $350.
No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!
Wow, you guys, this is big.
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
I can't believe you would say that!
Aww, look at the little thing.
Aww, look at the little thing.
Are you gonna let me play?
Let us keep the apartment and...
High-five, the babies are coming!
There was a woman at the... The stripper?!
I'm talking about a bet, winner takes all.
Yes. You're not asking are you?
You remember when we got these?
What are you going to make?
Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.
Hey, Mon, you want some help?
Okay, calm down, here they are.
Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?
So umm, what's this book about?
Really?! You think that will work?
Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Monica, what are you talking about?
Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!
Oh my God! Oh, I cannot believe it!
Okay. What?! What are you doing here?!
OK, then get me your purse.
I don't wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"
'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Right, I'll see you guys later...
Well, yeah, this is the deal.
I thought you only met him once?
Oh no. No Ross, don't do this.
I've got magic beans. Never-never mind.
Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
Oh, look at the little cat!
And I also brought my friend Joey...
Well, because of us! Because of our history.
No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!
Not unless different means the same.
Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum.
Who are you saying "check" too?
Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy.
No, we kinda broke up instead.
Well, I brought the next best thing.
I don't get this! She was horrible!
Honey, Monica, this is ridiculous! Look...
I don't know where the phone is.
Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.
Tell her to wear her own earrings.
Ohh, well, this is just perfect!
Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey sailor.
Your company has a fine foods division?
So, will you talk to him?
At his apartment. Is this juice?
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?
And um, excuse me, he helps me.
Maybe you should put it off.
You were with Kenny today, weren't you?
Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.
Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
...how about I move in with you?
You can't, because of the new skylight!
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
Yeah. Don't do this to yourself.
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later.
Well try to keep it down.
Oh! I used to do that too!
Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.
Oh good. Ahhh! My God, sorry!
Hey Mon? I'm gonna check my messages.
Yeah, I did. I needed my lucky dress.
Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news!
Seriously, your dad doesn't like pranks.
So how's it goin' with Joey?
Yeah, okay, I'll see you later.
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater.
Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater.
Isn't that a line from the show?!
That's a line from the show too!
Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
So all we have is ice?
Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
Who are you supposed to be?
Oh, oh, oh, I'll get 'Rainy Day Bear'!!
Why, does she have a bad personality?
I know, I can do more than cook.
Yeah, you're on your own.
Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
I can't believe it! I got a second interview!
Where the hell've you been?
Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Would you excuse me for a second?
Nope. We took her to lunch.
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
Oh no, you're the best.
Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
My God! What happened to you?
All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
This is how I would hold a football.
Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Well maybe he's just taking a nap.
Yeah and there's really cute guys there.
Ross, can you pass me the yams?
Excuse me. It's about the job.
Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Because, I can't! Ross, I told you, no. I can't.
Okay. Okay, great! Umm, okay, just turn around.
Well, I'm sorry, I thought you needed them!
Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
Well, you were pretty damn good.
Here. I thought you might be cold.
Nice! One and a half carat easy.
We have to get her a present?!
Oo, toes!! Well, for some people.
Well, what is the other reason?
Why on earth would I understand this?
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Oh, I read that in high school.
And a nice hot cider for Monica.
No! You gotta hold my hand!!
Well, at least that's a great suit.
What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
Manhattan does not have enough stores.
Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
What's this? Is this Ross's wedding invitation?
All right, I'm gonna make more margaritas!
Oh my God! Are you serious?!
Yeah, I just have to get dressed.
What's-what's going on? Phil's really pissed!
I'm not moving! Is that picture straight?
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog?
Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Ohh, you've waited soo long.
I mean you definitely should do that.
Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it!
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Well, honey that was pretty obvious.
This Alan again? How's it goin'?
Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Well now it's an empty bar.
Oh! I would love to read a poem.
Joey, you are not! You're 31.
Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
What is the matter with you?!
Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
Wow! Spinning that sounds like fun.
I get to hire my own assistant!
You seem to really like her.
You seem to really like her.
How about 600 and these earrings?
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
Monica. You've, you've done it right?
Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Well those are very popular frames.
It was nice to meet you.
You put these on my desk!
We're paying for this y'know.
I am not horsing around okay? I am Porsching around.
I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica bang his head against that thing!
And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.
I'm just visiting my good friend Carol.
No-no-no! This chair's not going anywhere.
Joey, did you my face cream?
OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Hey, how's...how's the uh, miracle chair?
Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
Monica! I'm not gonna screw it up!
Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She's coming!
You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes!
You have a play date with a stripper?!
Well, I thought you liked doing it.
What?! You say that to kids?!!
Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.
Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.
Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered.
That's weird, she locked the door.
Oh, y'know Joey, you are sick!
Oh good God! I've fallen down!
Let me, let me get you some wine!
Oh, now see that's a fancy but.
All right, so we weren't prepared!
Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
I think you should drink the fat.
Oh God, oh God, it's sowed on though.
Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
So now what have we agreed?
I can not believe your trading me!!
Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala.
You were gonna drink the fat.
Do you want me to quit?
Oooooooooh. Oh, that's nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross!
Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
Yeah do it now, call right now.
You're gonna be late! Go! Go!
What? Shut up! We're winning!
I was laughing! You made me laugh!
So, whaddya think George is like?
Ohh! Right! Right, sorry, I'll be right back!
Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
How come you didn't come over earlier?
Yeah, but, there were no suds.
No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
No, I was ten. I just developed early.
This one is uh Paul O'Neil.
Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000.
How did it go with Erin?
Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Remind me to introduce you to someone!
...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
Well what?! How-how much is it?!
Oh yeah, no, what's that?
Is he okay in there?
You are ready to make a commitment!
Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
Hi! All right, let's go shoppin'!!
Does anybody need more coffee?
You're just staring into space.
Oh, get out of here!
Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?
What?! We can't do that!
I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
It is our first official date. Our first date.
Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!!
I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Hello? Who are we spying on?
Look, I'm fine. Watch. Look at that. Whoa-whoa!
You're out of toilet paper!
I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
Oh, this one's for me!
Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Umm... I'm never gonna getting married!
Ross, Joey is not here.
Well, my eye is a little itchy.
Does anybody want anything else?
What's your favourite thing about summertime?
Well, well, you said it was practice!
That yeti is one smooth talker.
Are you okay? You're not blinking.
Oh yeah, what's it about?
I'm not in love with Ross!
Do you guys know any cute guys?
All right, straight, and not subtle.
Chandler, what did she say?
All right Ross!! I get it!!
I think they're very nice.
Oh God. I'm sorry about this.
Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
Y'know, I don't-I don't know. Let me, let me check.
Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
Oh, I know. Look at him.
God, Monica it's on the ceiling.
What?! What else did he say?
What? They were like this!
Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
All right, let's do it.
Wow! What did he say?
He's perfect, he's never been better.
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
Oh really? Like what Monica?
No, God! Please, let me!
Ok, so let's talk money.
Oh, that's great. Look at that.
Yeah! That would be great!
Well, you know, no suds, no save.
Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
What is he doing here?!
What is she doing here?
And that makes you angry because...
Okay, that is all you.
Are you seein her again tonight?
Oh, the guys are here.
Hi Joey, how ya doin'?
Okay no, you do it.
Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
Well that was umm...Okay.
Wait, what am I gonna do?
No don't! Go back to repeating!
All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
Then how come it is?
Hello! Ohh, kids love me.
Oh there is no way.
Yeah, well, I gotta work, I'm sorry.
Would anybody like more coffee?
Wow you, you. I had no idea.
I've got some bad news.
Were both of those Joey?
Well yeah, sure, what's up?
...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
That is neither here nor there.
Ohhhhh. That's how it got fixed!
Hi, I'm back. Listen, I need to...
We took our apartment back!!
Take it like a man, Ross!
Then what's with all the bananas?
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
Well, Ross said my name.
Well, Ross said my name.
Ben, its Rachel! But whatever.
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
No, we never do that
How often do you read it?
I'll be out in a second.
So, did you shave your legs?
Hey, you.... So, what's up?
Oh my God! That's Monica!!
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
We're gonna find love!
So, how was your date?
Oh yeah, there you go.
Momma's Little Bakery, Chicago, Illinois.
She didn't hang up either!
She didn't hang up either...
Well, what about my stuff?
Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Ohh, of course Monica's brother!
Joanna, this is my friend Chandler Bing Joanna.
Really?! How do you know?
Well, what do you mean?
Oh, I'm sorry I spoiled you're evening.
Ohhhhhh, look it's the roller blades.
Oh! I do not have chubby ankles!
Time's up, now your dead.
Oh yes, it's me! Sorry!
And stop saying that! I hate that!
Did you just say Hi, Jew?
No you don't know why!
No so we're protecting her.
No! I'm so happy for them!
God I know, you're right.
Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.
Ross! Stop it! Come on!
I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
Say more things like that.
You give me back my Walkman!
Yeah? You like that one?
Yeah, he broke those too.
Oh, not much. I-I got a job.
Just get away from me!
Ohh, honey no problem. Okay.
I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
You're out of Diet Coke.
I hate when Ross is right!
That is the sweetest thing, I just....
Ross, you don't know that.
Umm, can I use your bathroom?
No, I know! I get it! It's funny!
Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe?
What did you get her?
She you in the parking lot.
Give it here. Oh, God.
I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Wow! I can't, I can't feel my hands.
Time is money my friend?
Oh, she does want to.
Oh that's what you want.
You just did a little dancy thing.
It's really not that big!
Oh tomorrow, oh I don't know. Um...
Could tonight be the Night?
Just stop it! Come on!
Aahh, I'm a... chef at a restaurant uptown.
Uhh, we still need a tip.
How many guesses do you get?
No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.
Oh yeah, sure, that too.
Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.
Ohh, what is in that?
Well that's his last name.
Oh come on, I already went.
He doesn't speak much English.
Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.
No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".
Because she hates Pottery Barn.
Why, where are you going?
What? You didn't get one.
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
Um, there was a Geller Cup?
Oh, yeah, sure, it's umm...
Can I see that for second.
What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Hi! Wow! You look, you look...big.
No way. No way did you do this.
What did you just say?
What did you just say?
Now, does it really matter?
Oh my God, what happened?
Oh my God! What happened?
Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting.
I got-I get a big pay raise!
Ooh, it was only okay.
Now I love you even more.
Oh yeah, good start Mon.
Wait, so, you're going?
Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
What are you doing here?
Did you just break the radiator?
Alright, c'mon! Let's play Twister!
Because, uh-it has to.
I'm gonna marry someone good y'know.
Well what happened at dinner?
That really is something; that's really cool.
Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
Oh so-so not really never.
Yes! Did you see that?
Yes! Did you see that?
I've never wanted you more.
Honey that sounds like fun.
Okay, you guys, just relax. I doooo.
Y'know what you should do?
Do you guys want these?
Oh my God! My dog died!
Hello? Oh, Pheebs! It's Phoebe!
Hello? Oh, Pheebs! It's Phoebe!
Why didn't you get it?
Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.
I don't know. The left one.
What are you guys doing?
With Ross and my sister?
Well! Good night. I'm going upstairs.
Would you let me talk.
Would you let me talk.
What? Why? Where are you?
Any sign of your brother?
Oh-oh, sorry, it's this way, it's this way.
How long do cats live?
Oh, okay, not so weird.
I'm gonna need a copy of those.
Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Chandler, what are you doing?
Okay! All right, pick a half.
Hi, how was the movie?
Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
Monica, what are you doing?
Monica, what are you doing?
So, how was the party?
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just...It's just so sad!
Yeah, I don't think so Joe.
But we should move quick.
Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Okay. I'm sorry. You're right, you're right.
Yeah-yeah, we never had that,
Well that sounds fun too.
Where did you get that?
Three of your five, what?
Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don't!
Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Phoebe, what are you doing?
OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
No! There is.. there is noone else!
Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh?
Well, that's because of a lot of...
Thank God you're pretty.
OK, ready when you are.
Then why do you ask?!
Then what? What do you want?
Well no, I don't smell anything.
Oh! What's new in sex?
Okay, let me just change.
Oh shoot! I work Monday nights.
Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
Okay. Okay, see? I get the phone.
Oh, can we read them?
Sure. You got it. Great!
Did you talk to him?
Whatever! Okay, I'm not your mother.
Wo-women? You mean like old women?
What? C'mon, talk to me.
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
Well, I-I could live without it.
Your fly is open, Geller.
Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Probably just the first half.
No that could kill her.
Oh what do you know? Virgin!
Joey, do you have a minute?
Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.
How is that the silver lining?
The ring from the cave, yeah.
And you know Monica and Ross!
Good! I'm glad it's not a problem.
Well honey, what about you?
This is totally your fault!
Oh, this is so cute.
Well, apparently he scares easy.
Well, what-what 'cha got there?
Hey, c'mon, cut it out.
Joey has got a secret peephole!
Why aren't you home yet?!
I don't care, I'm not going anywhere.
Why aren't you at work?
Men just take out wind?
What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!
Got a job on a river boat?
You all know? Does Ross know?
Oh, how does he look? How does he look?
Awww, just like his daddy.
Because he's stealing from me!
Joey! We should just switch.
Oh, look, wish me luck!
Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered.
Oh... Oh my God. He remembered.
Well, well I can up with it!
You-you're not wearing a jacket.
Ahh... Chandler's on the couch!!
And your fly's still open...
Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
Get out, get out of my apartment.
I think he's stealing from me.
Yes, you're having a boy!
Let me get my coat.
Tag? Hi, who was that?
But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Is he romantic with her?
I can't believe this is happening.
Oh, honey, that's so sweet.
And I will see you tomorrow!
Ohh, well you got 'em.
Oh God, you saw me?! Oh!
That's 'cause you have it.
Throw in the duck too!
Oh, that is so sweet!
Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?
How'd it go with Pete?!
Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special.
All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
No-no, it's really not huge.
Well, I'd have to say gay.
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
Ross gave it to me.
I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Oh! Ross is sooo great!
Ohhh! That is soo sweet!
Oh, God, he's such a pig,
Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
Off to see young Ethan?
You want me to see a therapist?
Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.
What the hell was that?!
What the hell was that?!
Y'know who I always liked? Mork.
Both of them are here, both of them, both of them are here?
Ohh, you're so sweet!
During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Yeah, right away Mr. Kaplan.
Ohh, that is soo sad.
Okay. Let's use this brush.
Oh, that must be it.
Ohhhh, I cannot look at it!
What song was that, Pheebs?
Phoebe, come on that's silly.
Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
OK, I'm guessing this is from...
Because I knew you were lying!
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Oh, really, let me see, let me see.
Well it stupid, unfair question!
It'll be a short one.
Honey, that's you're name.
Oh! I knew it! What happened?
Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Oh, I gotta get my ticket!
Hey Phoebs, whatcha got there?
I think he's across the hall.
What the hell is that?
God. You seem really, really nice.
No, I stuff outside the bra.
Really? It doesn't seem desperate?
It was only 500 bucks.
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
Turned out it was a hat.
Pam! Oh God okay, just imagine this, "The Pam."
Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?
Oh, this is just terrible.
Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
We are looking at a Playboy.
So I'm thinking about you. So what?
But you could teach us.
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Did-did you take these back?
Do you have any ice?
We can't find Chandler...-'s vest. We can't find Chandler's vest.
Wow! What do you do now?
Thank you. Okay, twenty dollars.
What are you playing with?
Something to do with numbers?
Ahh, so do you, beautiful.
Because, I wanted to hurt you.
Do you wanna play football?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Oh, youre gonna be great!
Wh-what do you mean?
Hey, how'd the interview go?
Op! Wait, you dropped a pea.
You stole them from me!!
No! Really, no, please, please, that's, that's okay.
Hey! So, did you quit?
What?! She made the tea!
Down at the docks again?
No sorry hon, Monica's orders.
I didn't know there were docks.
Oh, that is so sick.
Oh, it ended very well.
Are-are you saying he's a geek?
Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.
What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm busy.
Ye-, no, my Uncle Hi.
Isn't that a kind of sushi?
What's the matter with you?
Yeah, don't push it though.
Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.
I did not sell you out.
I did not sell you out.
Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.
How did you make $17.
Oh God, I know I'm a pathetic loser.
I want the little round waffles.
Hmmm... this is so nice.
How are you holding up?
Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
A cyborg?! Isn't that like a robot?!
Ohh we're not sailing.
Oooooh. : Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!
Eh, do you believe that?
Wh-You dated my sister!
Really? Who would, who would you marry?
When you were in China.
Oh, he's just goofing around.
Uh yes, heroin and crack.
You went shopping for fur?
He got it a flea market!
Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend!
You said she was bald.
You said she was bald!!
It depends on who asked.
Oh! My hero! What happened?
It's worse than the thumb!
Would you like some pancakes?
You let Joey drive it?!
This is just occurring to you?
You dont even have cats.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, no, no! We, you with someone and me with someone.
That is the most ridiculous.
That is the most ridiculous...
Yeah, Phoebe you're... awful!
Y'know, I'm still 29 in Guam.
What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
Well, y'know, sometimes that helps.
Well, y'know, sometimes that helps.
Well, what is the truth?
Ross said my name. Okay? My name.
Well now what's the rush?
Do you want some pancakes?
You don't have any secrets!
What? What's what you were afraid of?
Are you makin' him a sandwich?
What happened to uh, MEG.?
I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
No, yeah, Ive done that.
Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing.
Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Oh I get it! A...man...duh!
Do I have my own castle?
Phoebe! You can't do th...
Oh, you're welcome a million.
Oh. Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
Why are- why are you so tanned?
Yeah, okay, at ease solider!
Hey! We're here!
Ohh, I would love too.
You're a pathetic loser, right?
Not uh, not to my recollection.
Ross, I really don't think...
Oh, that is so...
Ooh great! Very Monica.
Okay, here we go...
No! Not at all!
Just get out! Now!!
Just get out! Now!!
Yeah, it's just y'know...
Ooh, I've been better...
Hey, come on now!
And that's Phoebe , and that's Joey.
Well look who's here!
Ahhhhh, salmon skin roll.
Does anybody need anything?
All right, let's go!
Oh, come on squeeze it.
Really! That-that great huh?
You are soo enjoying this.
I know, I know. I went a little crazy.
Yeah, I can do that.
Happy New Year, Joey!
Oh, they're firemen guys.
Oh! No, not really.
Oh, right, that's me!
So don't do it.
Oh, but that's okay.
Did uh, Ross call?
You're not an artist.
Oh b-b-but it is!
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Uh-huh, go on.
Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
All right, I like that.
Here you go. Thank you!
Well, I-I don't like it.
Ooh, let's open them!
Because they're people.
Yeah, it's in there.
Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
I'm gonna get back to retraining.
...it's gonna be okay!
Are they in love?
Thank you! You're great!
What is this? Ross, what is this?
What-what-what are you gonna do?
Oh come on Ross!!
Yeah, what's it about?
Well thank you, you too.
Hey, guys, what's up.
Hey guys! What's up?
No! Wait! Come on!
Oh my God! How?!
So, um, did she...
So what-what is the exhibit.
Hey, how'd it go?
Monica, I'm your best friend.
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
Who gave you that hickey?
Oh my God!!! Ross!!
Yeah, sure. Umm...here.
Monica, will-will you marry me?
How did it go?
Oh my God! Joey!
No. Well, yeah, maybe.
Oh my God!! Great!
Still in love with?!
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!
But what about Phoebe?
Hi, thanks for coming.
I also said number one.
Great set tonight Phoebs.
Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks!
Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
Hey, Mom? Having fun?
Oh, stop that, stop that right now.
That would be great!
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Hello! Here we go!
Honey, this will help.
Let's dry 'em again.
Because I lose her stuff!
Well, it's about time.
Why?! What is it?
No. A break from us.
No. A break from us.
No. A break from us.
I don't want to say.
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Let's do it! Ross?
Because, he's my friend.
Monica, what should I do?
Monica, what should I do?
Chandler gets it! It's Chandler Bing!
I'm gonna do it too!
That's your, that's your dad's bedroom. That's your dad's bedroom!
Monica, let it go.
Oh, I am so sorry.
So were done then!
Sure we should... So.
Why? I love that thing.
Wait, I-I just said "leave."
I didn't. I got under him.
What are you, what are you doin'?
I love it at Joey's!
What?! You got us evicted!!
What does she mean?
Oh, ah with who?
Sure, is she married?
Well that too. Joey?
It's not a baby! It's a cat!
Uhh, the mailman, the super.
Hey, what's-what's going on?!
And, I'll be nice.
Fine! We went out.
D'oh!! I've got it!
Well I've had it.
Nice seizing. . . gel boy.
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Well, they always called.
Oh, howd she take it?
Ben just said hi.
I didn't... I never said that.
Well there's an idea!!
Oh! That's why. I'm sorry!
When did this happen?
Well I-I think your wrong.
I'm thinking, I'm gonna order a pizza.
I might know something too.
Yeah, umm, no honey.
I said I'll do it!
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
What time is it?
Ohh! Oh my God!
What do you, what do you mean?
How did this happen?
Jurassic Park could happen.
Aw what are you?! A detective?
Who are these men?
Do you want my pickle?
Well, there you go!
I'll figure something out.
Ohh that'd be great!
Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye.
So, how are you?
That's a good call. Right.
It's so secluded up here.
I thought it was Chandler!
Ohh, not compared to you.
Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.
You mean, you mean 30 days?
I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...
Really? You think so?
I'll go with you.
Alright, I got it Ross.
We were on a break!
Oh, I would love to!
Come on, show me.
Grammy, Best New Artist.
Oh-okay, but Pheebs?
Op, I like credit cards!
No! No-no, I love it. Thank you.
Oh, you got me.
Ohh! That's so great!
Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!
Yeah, that didn't work.
What do you mean?
How come you are?!
Good. How are you?
Don't call us that!
Wow! What's that like?
Then what's gonna happen?
How about you guys?
Hey! What's up Mon?
No! They are mine!
Hi! How are you?
Because I promised Mindy I would.
Yeah, I forget which ones.
Well, people are different.
Ross, you know what...
That is the Coast Guard.
Yeah, it sure is!
It's coming from Joey!
Just sit over there!!
Well, you would know.
It won't come off!
Oh, good for you!
Oh don't even ask!
Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Ooh, your brother. Score!
Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.
She could be you.
Ross, it's too hard.
Uhh, hang in there?
Pretty uhm, different huh?
What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
They're not true?
So umm, does it?
I'm not gonna marry Chandler!
No. She doesn't die.
Oh, honey, I don't know. I...
Ohh! My God! Barry!!
Oh! Oh, I love that but.
Okay. I am so hot!
I'm sorry, that's not funny.
Oh sure it is!
OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play.
I think you should go.
Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.
Oo! When's her birthday?!
Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
Ohh, big, fat bummerrr.
And she's not crazy?
Phoebe, you're on.
I haven't seen it yet!
God I'm just a horrible person.
What's the other one?
Phoebe, are you okay?
Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
I'd need an expense account.
No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.
That was not funny!
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Well, you should have.
Are you over me?
Oh! It's you. Hi.
Yeah, you should, really.
Do you know something?
Wow! How are you?!
Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go.
Does it still hurt?
He is so cute!
Where are you going?
Good luck to ya!
Some uh, some visual aides.
Is Joey Tribbiani here?
I have absolutely no idea.
She's still with you?
What did, what did he say?
Oh. Oh! I can do it!
Well I love you too.
Monica, is this true?
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Monica's gonna marry a millionaire!!!
All right? Thank you.
I don't have ten minutes!!
It's not a big deal!
Okay, go to the left. The left!
Oh-oh-oh, he's a transponce-transpondster!
Who is being loud?
I need to talk to you!
Because I'm going to London.
This place is amazing.
Would you guys stop.
You didn't get it?
Ooh, I like those sunglasses.
I meant, me plus one!
What are you doing?
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.
Foot rubs for a month!
Yeah! I got my girls.
Did he call? Did Mark call?
Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....
I do the same thing.
Oh, I can't watch this.
Afraid to ask him?
Stop it! Cut it out! Cut it out!
We hate that guy.
No way, forget it.
Hey he's wearing a sweater.
Op! We gotta go!
Okay! Check it out!
Ross, I am a human doodle!!
That wouldn't help me.
Anybody wanna trade? Oh...
Oh yeah, I got a cat.
Aww Pheebs, that sucks!
Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
You don't even know!
That is so cool.
It's me! Good morning!
Let's go to lunch.
What 'cha doing Mon?
BACK OFF!!! Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!
Bloomingdale's eliminated my department.
OK, that's dead right?
Okay, see? I told you!
That is not a problem.
And everybody knows this?
Ohh, I like swimmer's bodies!
No! Don't say that! Don't say that!
Oh yes! Thank you!
Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know.
Well, I just called Joshua...
You just said it!
You don't know anything.
You will like it!
Whoa-oh, what's-what's that?
Oops sorry, my mistake.
Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!
All right. Be sexy.
Yes, we should. I think we should.
Ooh, the gift shop!
With ah, extra anchovies.
Ok, who ordered what?
It's a pretty cool tux.
Its back in cage!
Oh, what a fun office.
Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.
He's like a big disgusting...
You're so pretty.
Ross, what's the matter?
It's not random, it's Bob.
No, happy for you!
Oh-ohh, thank you.
I couldn't be inner. Monica?
Oh, that sounds great.
I won't boss you around.
Y'know, all the women.
Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?
I love working with designers!
I'll get the hat.
I am so on board!
All right, I'm outta here!
I'm sorry, Rosita? As in...
I almost caught that one!
I mean, this is unbelievable.
Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg.
EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!!
Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
So what happens next?
What were you thinking?!
And a crappy New Year.
Huh.. How about 600?
Hey! What's goin' on?
...I mean it's my fault.
Well, it's my cat.
Ha, I made you look....
Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Amazingly, that makes sense.
They're male nurses.
Ugh, she is a slut!
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?
With Ross and Jill?
There's more alcohol, right?
You found me a guy?
Phoebe are you serious?
Okay. I'll miss you.
Hey. Oh, poor Pheebs.
Ive never done that.
What? What!?! You kissed him?
How many you want?
I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?
Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.
I guess you weren't there.
Ooooh! Wow!! Oh, hi.
Bye. What a manipulative bitch.
What was the book?
Oh, he sees her!
Oh yeah, go ahead.
Oh, yeah go ahead.
Oh my God, Jill!
That had to hurt!
Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up!
Oh, yeah, I'm not, I'm not hungry.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
All right. I'm a total pro!
What are you saying?
No, no, ACC-cept that.
Oh my gosh, Joshua!
You look so beautiful.
I'll call the super.
What?! Are you crazy?
Not in the street!!
That's not the end.
You were with Julie?
Well, don't look at me! My hair's straight! Straight! Straight! Straight!
Oh, making it worse!
Well, what about Mindy?
What? Yeti-I mean Danny?
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Oh, that's um, interesting.
It's the same story.
Well then I demand a recount!
Um... unless, unless I use yours.
Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.
Wait, are you leaving?
You are so beautiful.
You found my book?!
Not at all inappropriate!
That's a good story, Grandpa.
She asked-asked you out again?
I cannot push it in!
We'll take Literature!!
Um, Russ, you ready?
Are you kidding me?
: We have apple cinnamon...
What'cha gonna' do?
Oh, honey that's awful.
Here are your cakes.
No-no, but I support it.
How was the beach?
Jill! Did you shop?!
All right, I got 48.
What, isn't he sober?
All right. Hey-hey-hey!! Sandwiches!
Ow, you stop flicking.
Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?
Me, Fledermaus, great. I really-
Thank you. Oww!!!! God!
Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
What thing? What is this thing?
It's a uh, regatta gala.
We're not actors.
What, what's it, what's going on?
Thank you. What a bitch.
OK, well, bye-bye again.
And the video camera?
Well, I like you less!
Thank you. Thank you so much!
Oh, I'm sorry. Ross Tillman.
What bank is this?
Well, isnt, isnt that gonna be weird?
Oh, was it awful?
Was that the cake?
Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.
OK, OK, it's my turn.
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Cool... "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel."
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
Oh, it's a Macy's bag!
What? You're leaving?!
You get your messages!
Hi, hi can I help you?
And did you notice...?
So this is Brooklyn.
What is that noise?
You stole the phone!
You don't have birds.
That is so unfair.
You're bachelor pad?!
But, it's not raining.
Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
Hang in there. You hang in there.
What is the emergency?!
What are you reading?
What? You just click when they click.
Hey, this is hollow.
Sorry I'm late, but I left late.
Oh! Tommy, this is Ross. Ross, Tommy.
The bll is drrbing!
Just washing the windshield.
Okay, just sweep it.
Oh they're pushing! They're pushing!!
Op! You're peeping!
Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
I bet you're a Gemini.
Look at her.
Tell Monica I'm sorry.
We're not?!
Well, thank you, Melanie.
Really? How good?
She-she died Jill.
I'll get her.
I'm sorry, let her?
I can't do this.
Yeah, great, you betcha!
It's OK, it's fine.
Oh-hooo, I missed you.
Oh yeah! I know.
God, he's good.
Oh yeah? Okay.
Oh no, yeah.
Where ya going?
Oh well, no I...
Was she good?
Was she good?
Ra.... Er.. Barbra.
Hey! Hey, cute jacket!
What is it?
Not right now.
Oh, yeah, right.
Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
: Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.
Oh that's okay.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Is he here?
There he is!
Better than Chandler.
Come on Joey!!!
No Joe, no miracle.
Uh... I don't know.
Joey, I really don't...
Yeah, it is.
Oh, it's okay.
Hi, remember us?
Hey, uh, Joey?
Yeah I think so.
Eh. Beth dies.
Right, and the humiliating.
Close call day.
No-no, I bought those.
Monica! Come on!
Yeah, come here!
How is she?
Okay, they are.
Nobody does honey.
Hey Joey, can I...
Rock-paper-scissors?
Don't do that.
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Oh-oh Professor Geller.
No it's not!
Is Ross here?
We're good?
His new girlfriend!
Who got married?!
Good for me!
I, I don't have it.
That's all right.
What was that?
What was that?
What was that?!
One two three.
Hey! What's up?!
We're sorry.
Okay, what's up?
What uh-oh?
Yeah! Are you kiddin'?
I'm just not going.
Wait, how long?
No-no, I'm staying put.
Very nice touch.
Chandler! Is he?
Ohh, with who?
Huh. All right.
How are ya?
Is Monica here?
Oh, come on!
Oh, come on!
Yes, we do.
What's up, Ross?
I went really long.
I'm gonna do it.
No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.
What-what about Monica?
There it is.
Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing.
Some of them.
Joey! Sit down!
Who's this from?
Who's this from?
No, wait Phoebe.
What?! No! Why?!
Music. Very nice.
Good luck, honey!
Well, then talk!
I know, yeah, sorry.
Yeah but Phoebe...
Ahhh! Ooh, nice!
What's up Joey?
He's coming over! He's coming over!
Oh my God!
Oh my god.
Oh, my god.
Oh my God!
Oh.... my God.
"Oh, my, god."
Oh my god.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God!!
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh.... my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
OH MY GOD!!!
Oh my God.
Oh my God!
Oh my God! Oh my God!!
Oh my god!!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
OH MY GOD!!!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
What? Guys, I'm not.
Hey guys! What's...
Okay. But wait!
It is? Really?
Thank God. Food.
What's going on?
What's going on?
AND YOU KNOW!!!
Yeah. Well, umm.....
This is Chandler.
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
Oh, time's up.
Great! Monica's moving!
Oh, Joey! Sorry!
I can't, I gotta go.
I'm all better now.
...Jack from downstairs?
Yeah me too.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Have at it.
Yeah, I got that.
Yeah, see ya.
Barry who I almost.
Look at that!
Look at that!
What-what are-what are these?
That's not Ross!
Oh really, OK.
I'll do it.
All right. Fine.
All right, fine.
That'd be good.
OK, well, bye.
Really? Mine too.
Ohh! Me too!
Well um, I don't.
Good luck Chandler.
Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
I need some milk.
Ethan called again.
Is-is he coming?
Yeah, right. Sure!
Pretty well, actually...
Ooh, okay... good.
Oh God, Phoebe!
I cannot believe her.
Oh, I am sorry...
Who was that?
Oh, I'm sorry what?
Chandler told me.
Well, that's great.
Oh, me too.
Oh, me too.
I'm an assistant buyer!!
Allison's birthday party.
That's just great.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, thank God.
Oh! Thank God!
Well, but Pheebs.
We're the Cobras!
You don't know?!
Okay, I need a date!
Okay? Whoa, wait!
Monica's making jam.
Well, who wouldn't?!
Yeah, you do.
Ohh! Oh God!
Its still there!
More than jewelry.
You're jokin' right?
Hey. Got a second?
No. Have you?
No you don't!
Yeah. Nice try!
Oh. Oh my God.
Yeah, oh wait!
Who is it?
Who is it?
Who is it?
By all means.
Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.
Oh! You are?
I would love to!
Are you okay?
Okay, who's next?!
Okay, I'm totally cool!
Oh that's great!
I can't kiss anyone.
Okay. Every time.
Huh. A moo-point?
I didn't know that.
You like me?
Yes it is.
Yes it is!
May fifth, why?
Oh honey, I'm sorry.
Well, have fun!
Uh, wh-why?
Hello, excuse me.
Um-hmm, yeah.
Oh? Yeah! Sure!
I know that too.
Huh, Bob Saget?
Joey! Come here! Come here!
Bathroom's up there.
Excuse me. Hi.
What'd you get?
Well, there's you.
Ohh! That's great!
Ohh that's great!
Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Well, things change.
Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Honey, I was wondering....
Pheebs, I was wondering...
Uh, credit card.
Oh, Mon, sure.
Ok. That's fine.
What are these?
Noo way, Kevin.
I-I-I-I'm just...I'm just a good kisser!
Um... my... father.
Uh, I'm holding Ben.
Her dancer friends?
Oh yeah? Fine.
No luck huh?
Yeah. A year ago..
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
I'm going for a walk.
I came with Paul!
No! Help me!
You get away from me!! You sick, sick, sick, sick-o!!
Pheebs, that's great!
OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.
Here you go.
Men are unbelievable.
There you go!
Ohh that's nice.
How are you?
Whoa! What?! Why?!
And-and what else?
To be nice.
Ross! Stop that!
Ugh! So close!
Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
Closer than here?
Oh, somebody will.
A couple of bucks.
Yeah, I-I don't care.
Because a car backfired?
No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
Ohh, hi, Kim.
Monica! Stop it!
We didn't change..
There's nobody here!
Well why shouldn't I?!
I had one glass.
What are you shushing?
That's what I said.
Oh. Okay, bye.
We need a hat..
You do? Why?
Give me that!
Oh. Oh, that's great!
It sure is.
I wanna say a disease.
Little village people.
Yeah, fair enough.
Hey, you guys...
And did you?!
Joey, had reasons.
No you guys...
OK, gook luck.
Said what? Exactly.
Yeah. Hi Mark!
Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
What's your problem?
Just one drink?!
Hi you guys.
Hi you guys.
Hi you guys.
Hi you guys!
Op, op, car! Car!! Ugh!!!
Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat!
I got the job!
Oh! That's fine.
Yes, you did.
Because you do.
Sophisticated like a hooker?
Oh, hi sweetie.
Ask me what?
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
Is that the heartbeat?
Let me finish.
Hey, nice toilet.
Well I-I-I'm not moving.
God. I feel violated.
Thank you. Thank you. I love you.
You love her.
Oh God, absolutely.
Ugh! What grandmother?
Oh, of course!
All right, Julie.
He carries a briefcase.
What's up Joe?
I love you too.
Oh, good point.
It's a different guy!
Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
Call her! Call her now!
That sounds great.
Ross kissed me.
So, I love you.
I know, I remember that!
Because! Because I was sad.
Honey, I'm just checking.
On TV?! Yeah!
Yeah, she's gay.
Yeah, I'm just mad!
Yes! Thank you.
Does it hurt?
Okay, my turn!!
Thank you Phoebe.
I'm going commando, too.
Oh. Stop it!
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
Eh! Stop it!
Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Emily?
And an assistant.
In Human Resources!!!!!!
C'mon touch it.
As are you...
Ohhhh, come on!!!
Ohh, thank you.
Ohh, thank you.
Seriously, it's moving!
No. Thank you.
Thank you. I...yeah.
Oh, that's funny!
Oh dear God.
Bye you guys!
Ehh, pardon me?
Joey! Joey, good one!
Aw, I love that.
You remember Ross.
Care for a cherry?
I'm just making margaritas.
Nothing! You go!
None for me.
Thank you. Mon?
What? Wh-hey!
No, forget it.
Well where's Amanda?
Yeah-eah-ha!
Yes, I realize that...
There. Now there is.
That's not true!
Oh, everything's pink.
We use it!!
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Oh! Thank you!
Well neither do I!
Well neither do I!
I guess you don't.
I am not a pushover!
Okay, I heard that.
Well, whaddya think?
Well you better.
Thank you! Break!
Gimme the keys!
This is Bonnie? This is Bonnie? You're Bonnie?
Oh, you are a petty man. You are a petty, petty....
What's goin' on?
Yeah, that's true.
Ahh. Thank you!
I mean that's unbelievable.
The lights, please..
Who wrote it?
Oh, hi Danny.
I knew it! I knew it, ahh....
Okay, I need a, I need a drink!
It's not Christmas!
It's Robert Bobby.
Op, ice. I need ice.
Oh, c'mon, Luisa!
Here's your lemonade.
I hope it's okay.
Thank you, Okay, Okay.
Oh, that's sweet.
I'm not reading this!
I think it's sexy.
He's not 11!
Ball? There is no ball.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
Stevie the TV?
I cannot believe you.
What 'cha readin'?
Well, I-I'm startin' too.
Okay? You ready?
Oh, that's true.
Oh I don't-I don't know.
It's Le Poo.
Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Oh, thank goodness!
Why the voice.
Oh, Kim, Hi.
Where you goin'?
I'm just cleaning up.
Ok, you win.
It was unbelievable!
Oh-oh, you lie.
Water it is.
Oooohh that's interesting.
You fell asleep?!
You fell asleep?!
Just one cheek.
Oh it's important!
Both of you?
Yeah. That's Daddy.
Stop picturing it!!
Are you serious?
Are you kidding?!
Are you serious?!
Are you kidding?!
You bought boobs?
No, just singing.
I know, it's sick.
Well no brush!
I wrote you a letter.
Shake it off.
You got fired?!
No. No, you can't.
You're kidding.
Yeah that works.
That's it. Ow!!!
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Yeah well, I'm-I'm a slut.
You're hurt!
Are you drunk?!
You brought a carrot?!
Yeah, like a chimney.
Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
Yeah, you bet.
You have a roommate?!
Oh... Italy, I think.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm not gonna gooo.
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Phoebe, I already, I already did.
It's kinda slutty.
You have a son!
Thank you, thank you, thank you, Pheebs.
Are you pregnant?!
Right! You're right!
Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Yes, and grumpy.
Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
All right!! Fine! Fine.
It's All Relative!!
You just finished?
Thank you judges.
But I hired you!
What?! You kissed!
Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
I'm just serving it.
I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
That's not European!
You and Ralph?
Cat! What'm I saying? Cat!
All right, bye-bye.
Oh, right, clink.
You're twins?
Oh. That WENUS.
Oh yeah surfer?
Oh god, waddawe do, waddawe do, waddawe do?
Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Beefsteak Charlie's?
Pancho Vila?
Tah-daaah!
Diane Keeton.
Hi, guys!
I'm sorry Joey.
Yeah, so?
Hm-mm.
True story.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right!!
All right!
All right.
All right!
All right!
All right.
All right!
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right.
All right.
Gunther, I quit.
Sure? Thanks.
No we...
Bye, Pheebs.
Huh umm...
No, I'm just....
Well no.
Tell him.
Hi Ross!
Bye Mon.
Well yeah...
Big night!
No, I'm not.
Ohh. Ooh!
Fine, I will.
Oh, I know...
Oh, I know.
No, I don't.
Hi. I'm back.
Okay, I do.
Merrill Lynch?
Rob Tillman!
Y'know what?
I know! What?!
Yes I am!
Wow! Umm....
Get up!
Yeah, I do.
Steve... sleeve!
We do?
Relaxi-Taxi!
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
Hm-mmm.
Hm-mmm!
Hm-mmm.
Hm-mmm.
Meeting Julie.
A birthday party.
Yeah, I know.
Here?! Now?!
Mm-mmm.
Hi, I'm Rachel.
Sophie's desk.
Yes, Ross.
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
Umm, hi!
Yeah right.
Yeah, right.
I bet 20.
Oh that.
Wow! Monica!
Where's Chandler?
Apartment pants?
Hi! Phoebe.
I'll say.
Go on! Go on.
Carol...Lesbian?
Space cowboy!
Thanks, Mon.
For...me.
What's this.
What's this?
Alright, somebody.
Really Joey?
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
Oh my....
Oh my...
Macadamia nut?
Monica, please?
Oh. We?
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah.
A thousand bucks.
4 o'clock. Food?
Ohh, yes.
Yeah, what?
Funny book?
Thanks Chandler.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay!
Happy birthday.
I had one.
Full house.
Smell familiar?
Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh no!
I-I-I don't know.
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know!
I don't know, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know!
I don't know.
I really do.
Uh, Joey..
Career counselor?
Great! Thanks!
Sp-spoil?
Hi, sure!
Hi, sure!
Ohh, great!
From now?
Oh well...
Okay, uh...
Yay! Emily!
Um... Done!
Bye house!
Whoa-ho.
What? Wait, what?
What? Wait, what?
Ohh, sorry.
Thank God.
Summer catalogue!
Fourth gear!!
Wait a minute!
Sure! Why?
Hmm-mmm.
Oh, hey!
Ohh! Hi!
I have one.
Oh, do I?
Do what, do what?
Um... Ross?
Bob Buttons?
I just, I feel, I-I just...
I just, I feel, I-I just...
Ohh, God.
Very good.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Come on.
Come on!
Come on!
Um, everyone?
Ohh, good.
Yeah, she's...
Bye, Chandler.
Ross thanks.
I did not!
It-it did!
Take care.
Oh. Right.
Oh right.
For what?
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
Um-hmm.
I think so.
Hi Pheebs!
Hi, Pheebs.
Hi Pheebs.
Hi Pheebs!
Really? Me?
Honey, I'm sorry.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Why not?
Why not?
Why not?
See ya.
I had a wedding.
Hi honey!
Over here!
Aw, Mon...
Any luck?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh!
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh!
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yes! Totally!
It's a, it's a cat!
Sophie sit!!
Hey! Hi!
Hey! Hi!
This one?
Hey Joey!
Ya think?
Good bye!
Like what?
We did!
Sit down!
Ohhh... I'm fine.
Not great.
No. Why?
No. Why?
Mon. Hi!
Show time!
Ohh! Really?!
Yeah, why?
Yeah! Why?
Yeah, I'm good.
Hey Chandler!
Get down?
Hello, Paul.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
My God!
My God!
No! Joey!
..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Yes, I do.
No. Sorry.
Hey, Monica!
Get off.
Okay, I'm sorry.
That's right!
That's right!
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Hello, Chip.
Oh really?!
I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Since when?
Then, no.
I gotta go!
Ohhhh!! ...What? What?
Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
Okay, Chandler!
Um, Barry.
Okay then!
Mr. Treeger.
Phoebe's dead.
I won't speed.
Aw, thanks!
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?!
What's up?!
Goodbye, baby.
Noo! Angels.
Well, I, umm...
Well umm...
A big idiot.
C'mon up.
How long?
Hi! Hi Ben!
Ohhh, OK.
Oh, I did!
I know. I'm sorry.
What, what incident?
Oh, Ross...
Oh, Ross...
I'm Rachel Green.
Me too!
Me too!
You what?
Ross's what?
And Ross.
I'm sorry, sweetie.
Oh good.
Oh good.
Wait! Okay!
Wait! Okay!
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God.
Oh, God...
Oh God.
Oh, god.
Oh god.
Oh, God.
Oh, god.
Pick one.
What?! Why?!
What? Why?!
Yes! Hell yes!
Yeah, maybe...
Yeah, maybe...
Hi, sweetie!
Hi sweetie!
Good different?
Good different?
Two, two babies?
Oh, hi.
Oh, hi!
Oh, hi.
Oh, hi!
Oh, hi!
Oh, hi!
Oh, hi!
Oh hi!
Oh, hi.
Oh hi!
Oh, hi!
Uhh.... waitressing?
Gooood morning!!
What?! What? What happened?!
Hardy Boy.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Good luck.
Exactly! Unisex!
I'm sorry, what?
I'm sorry, what?
And Joey....
And-Joey!
Oh, great.
Oh, great!
Oh great!
Oh great!
You know.
Phoebe, woo!
Ross! Janice?!
Ugh, tramp!
What? Who?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure?
Yeah. Sure.
Um. yeah.
Bye hon.
Hi, Julie.
Gimme an 'M!'
Gimme an 'I!'
Gimme an 'L!'
Ah, yeah!
Hey Pheebs.
Hey, Pheebs!
Oh.. a little..
Ohh! Okay!
Ow! Ross!!
Oh yes.
Okay, fine.
Monica what?
Bye-bye Julie.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, no you don't!
I got it!
Well, I-I guess-I...
Let's roll!
Oh ok.
Oh. Oh, right.
What thing? What thing?
Why's that?
Have fun!
Uh-hmm.
Uh-hmm.
One hour.
Hi Daddy!
Hi Daddy.
Hey, Mon.
Hey Mon!
Oh Phoebe!
No. Nothing.
No! Nothing!
I had a bra.
Allll done!
Ohh whoops.
That's great!
That's great!
Yes! Rent!
Oh man!
Okay! Okay! Here!
Your parents'?
Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
Shut up!
Shut up.
Good ones?
Oh wow.
Oh wow!
Um, hum.
Um, hum.
Hey, you.
Hey you.
Hey you!
You do?
Do you?
You do?
You don't.
You don't?!
We won. We won!
We won't?
Say it!
Say it!
Oh, thanks.
Oh please...
I dumped him.
Okay, coming!
Just a job!
I'm not telling.
Of course!
You can?
I'd love to!
Oh Pheebs.
I'm not mad.
Guess what?
Excuse me?
No, I knew.
Kim, hi.
Absolutely not.
What happened?
What happened?
That's fine!
I believe it.
Oh Mom!
That's nice.
Just once!
Yeah! Sit!
Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh.
It's fine.
Whoa what?
You think?!
Does it?
What party?
Oh, I know, I know.
Saw what?
Hit me!
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
You did!
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Surprise me.
Oh, hmm.
That's funny.
Gay? Yeah.
Not interested.
Heard what?
Hi you!
You guys! You guys!
Ohhhhhhhh God.
Ohhhhhhhh God.
In a month?
Oh, yeah! Yeah!
Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.
Y'know Marcel?
That's weird.
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Me neither.
Oh-ow!
Oh! Ow!
Wh-what?!
Awful, absolutely awful.
What line?
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
I'm thinkin' no.
Oh-ho!
My drinking?
Okay, a thousand.
Just a waitress?
Your sunglasses?!
Hey, Sophie!
And Mrs.?!
Oh, seriously?
Oh yay!
No, nothin'.
Why?! Why not?!
Why, why not?
Yeah. Gotcha.
Phoe-be!!
Just a bug.
Oh crap!
Ohh-ha-ha!
You sure?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Storming out!
I don't gossip!
Oh damnit!
Hey roomie!
Ooooh yeah.
I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
Run Phoebe run.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
...hormones, yeah.
Oh! Pathetic!
Settle what?
It's Joshua.
It's Joshua.
Hey, hubby!
Hey Jess.
No, wait. Wait.
Yeah, whoosh!
Okay. Wait! Wait!
Okay. Wait! Wait!
Blow it.
Yeah. Hmmmm.
The commercial?
"Ooo," what?
Rub it.
And heels.
...pig...pig man!
What's 1922?
What's Flimby's?
Okay, bye-bye!
The fear?
Great!! That's great!
You shouldn't.
Oh no-no-no...
... the WENUS?
Oh. Ohhhhhhhhh....
For Ross, Ross, Ross.
You idiot!!
Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Oh, wait-wait-wait...
Oh, wait-wait-wait...
Oh, no no no no no.
Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. Hi.
Goodnight.
Sorry-
Okay.
I knew.
I did.
Goodnight.
A lot.
Barry?
Okay..
Wow.
What?
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Who?
Sure.
What?
OK.
Really?
Ahhhh!
Huh.
OK.
Ohhh!!!!
Wow.
Hm-m.
You!
Ok.
Because!
Because!
What?
Yeah!
Five.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
I know...
Pheebs!
Hey.
Oh...
What?
What? What?!
Oh!!
Wow.
Or?
Eww!
Really?
Coffee.
Cappuccino.
Yeah?
I don't!
Waitressing?
But, but?
No.
Done.
What?
Hey.
No.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
You.
Yeah.
Right.
Hi.
What?
Oh.
What?
Oh.
Hi.
What?
OK.
Really.
No.
OOooooo!
No.
Why?
Hi!
Alright...
I'm in.
No..!
: Loser?
Yes!
What?
Yeah!
Yes!!
None.
What?!
Marcel?
Ross.
Ross.
Ross!
Barry?!
Oh!
Why?
Wow... Wow!
What?!
Mindy.
Okay.
What?
Yeah.
What?
Nooo...
Hey.
Aww.
Monica? Monica!
What?
No.
A-ha!
No.
Ross?
What?
What?
Ross?
Rossy, Rossy.
Hey.
Ok?
Oh.
I'm a waitress.
Pardon?
Hi.
Huh?
No!
Wha...
Yeah.
Wow.
What?
Julie.
Bye.
Okay!
I'm okay.
What?
No. No-no-no-no.
Really?
Who?
What?!
Yes.
What?
What?
What!
Hey.
What?
Sure.
I'd wait.
What?
Hey.
What?
Ok.
Fine.
Oh!
Oh!
Ok.
Done.
What?
Hey.
Together?
Together.
Ahhhh.
Huh.
Ohh, ohh.
OK, OK.
Hi.
What?
Good.
Hey.
Oh.
Really?
No.
Hey.
What?
Hi.
Oh.
Bye.
What?
Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww!
Mom!
Really?
None.
God!
Oh.
Yeah.
OK.
What what what what?
Ow. Ow. Ow.
Fine.
No.
No.
No no no no.
Impressive.
Bye-bye.
Hi.
What?
What?
What?
Hi.
Oh.
What?
Bye.
OK.
Hi.
Monica.
Monica.
Monica.
OK.
I know.
Oh.
Grape.
Really?
What?
Well I. . .
No.
You?
Oh.
Well?
Really?
I guess.
Uhhhooo.
Agghhh.
Yeesss.
Honey.
Joey.
Hey.
Wow.
NO!
What?
Hey.
Ok.
Really?
What?
Aghh.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Noo.
Oohhh.
Hi.
What?
What?
What?
Why.
Daddy.
I do.
What?
Ok.
Ok.
Nooo!
Hey!
Hi.
I know.
Insane!
What?!
What.
What?!
Hmm.
Yeah.
Oooh!
Really!
Why?
Hi.
What?
What?!
But I...
Right.
No.
Right.
Right.
Mon?
What?
What, what, what?
Oooh.
Noo.
Nooo!
Yeah.
Hello.
Unbelievable.
Uff.
Ohh!
Nooo!
Oh.
Yeah.
Hi!
So?
Oh!
Okay.
What?!!
Yeah.
Okay!
Bye!
What?
Okay.
What?!
No.
I promise.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh!!
Right.
Hi!
I did!
What?
Ross!
Okay.
Okay.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Thanks.
Wow.
I know!
Op.
Yes?!
I know!
What!?
Hey.
Hey!
Oh.
Hi.
I know.
Yeah.
Oh.
Yes.
Ross!
Right.
Hello.
Oh.
Right.
Hey.
Okay.
Yeah.
What?!
Sorry. I'm sorry.
What?
Awwww.
Joey?
Okay.
Really!?
Oh.
What?!!
Hello.
Hello!
Oh.
Hello.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Hey.
No.
Bye.
That's....
Hey!
Ohh!
Okay.
What?!
Great!
What?!
Yeah.
Yeah?
Hi!!
I know.
Hi!
Yeah?
Good.
Petty...
Petty...
Small...
Huh?
yeah-yeah-yeah!!
Hey!
Hey!
Wow!!
Ooohhhh!!
Ahhhh!!
Hmm.
What?!
Oh, I....
Well...
No. I...
I know.
Chandler!!
I know.
Ow!!
Oww!
Oww!
I'm fine, I'm fine.
Yeah.
Right.
Sure.
What?
Rosss...
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow! Ow!
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey!
Yeah...
Hi!
Hi!
And?
Wow!
Yes!!
Yeah.
Phoebe!
Yes.
Yes.
What?
Oh!
Hey!
Yes!
Really?!
What?!
Ohh!
Really?!
Yeah!
Hi!
Hey!
Noo.
I feel...
Hi!
I know.
Ewwww!!
Ewwww!!
What?!!
What?
Pheebs...
Jeez!
What?!
Yeah!!
Hey!
What?!
Okay.
What?
Right!
No.
Go!!
Where?!
Sweety...
Yeah?
Ughh!
Sorry.
Y'know...
Yeah.
No!
Okay.
Okay.
No....
Thanks!
What?
Why?
Okay.
Credit.
Sick-sick-sick-sick.
What?!
