Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Hi.
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
I, I know.
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
No, Rach!
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Marenge,
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
Fair enough.
Zelner.
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
And then... your face is bloated?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Oh that's not true.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
How could you lose him?
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Oh, please!
Hey, how you doin'?
I've never done that.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
Of course, yeah!
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Then why did she ask us to...
Yes, Papaya Extract.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Ooh, steer clear of you.
That's right.
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
You're gonna be an aunt.
Oh shut up!
Hi guys!
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
Excuse me?
Here let me...
Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Oh there is no way.
Okay then.
But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Ohh.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Yeah? You like that one?
Yeah, you're funny.
Can I do it to you?
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
So what happened?
Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Yeah, it is the best.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Sorry, prom queen.
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Nope.
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Great!
Okay, London 1...
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Yeah?
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
See, now it's weird again.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Really?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
See, he's her lobster.
Nooooo. You're really not going?
You don't have a car. And your license expired.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Good.
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
Oooooh...
I don't think so dear.
What the hell, it's for a good cause! All right!
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Oh! That's nice.
Wow. Good speech.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Right! But, I am sorry.
She took all my stuff.
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Nobody likes change.
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Hello.
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Maybe in L.A?
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
OK, tip the man.
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Hi!
Wow!
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Wow.
Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
No, look, don't touch that!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Because! Because I was sad.
What do you mean?
I don't care, she slept with me.
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
Do you want me to quit?
What?! What would make you think that?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Y-sure!
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Okay.
Um, I'm not.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Great! Great! You're making the bike very happy.
Okay Ross! Please don't die!
That's kinda sad.
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
So you hit her in the face?
Aww, Pheebs.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Thanks.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
Huh.
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Why the hell didn't you tell me!
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
What?
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Oh, really?
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Should I tell her I ordered tea?
No.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Huh?
Hey.
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
Sure.
Hi.
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
No!
So what happened?
What happened?
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
And you're not gonna do that.
So-so there is no party.
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
I am gonna see her again.
Damnit Phoebe!!
My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
Not right now.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Yeah.
Ok fine.
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
An advance?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Oy.
Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Yeah... That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone.
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Yeah.
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he?
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Great. So the ball is in his court?
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
I'm starving!
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
What do you mean?
I can do that!
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
What? Why?!
This is weird for me!
How is that important?
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
No, not my touchie.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ugh!
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Very good, so good.
I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
Come on! Look where you are!!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Hey!
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
I'm not in love with Ross!
Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
We thought you knew!
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
You're not gonna be phased out!
Ehh!!
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
ON A CAT??!!!!
It's not a cat!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Sit down!
Okay.
We're sorry.
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
I'll treat you real nice.
Won't-won't that take longer?
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Yeah, I guess, but what's like heads and what's tails?
Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
Hi!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
That's great! That's wonderful!
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Oh, that poor bastard.
You're not gonna be phased out!
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
I, I don't know.
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
Yeah. A year ago..
You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
My God! You love me!
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
It's not here.
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
...it's gonna be okay!
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
What???
Oh my god.
I am proud of all my friends today.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Him? Him, Ross?
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Absolutely, yeah!
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Yeah?
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
I'll go.
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Okay Rach, but...
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Absolutely!
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You seem to really like her.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
You think?
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You seem to really like her.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
You think?
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush.
And your fly's still open...
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
Go!
Oh! That's nice.
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Hi.
Are you all right?
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Thank you.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Because she hates Pottery Barn.
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
Nooo!
She has to know that your not ready.
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
What?!
I know, Monica told me.
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what' going on?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
What?!
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
Yes!
That, you get? That, you get?
Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Do you have any ice?
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Normal.
Nope! That never happened to me!
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Hi.
How'd did it go?
I'm so proud of you.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
You have to respect the sea!
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
I can scratch that right off.
All right!
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
Morning!
Yeah!!
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
What about him?
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
What's up?!
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
I guess so.
Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
What are you guys talking about?
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
But I love swing music!
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
Wh-why is that the best part?
Because then I don't have to!
I'm really not deciding!
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
You have some life here, sweetie.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Hey!
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Hello.
And that's Pete's Mom.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
That is so made up!
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Well, hey I did learn.
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
You got porn!
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
I'm talking about massages.
Oh.
Okay that's fair.
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Hey, Monica!
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
I don't know sweetie.
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Hi Rachel!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Oh.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Phoebe?
Hm?
Fish!
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
C'mon Rachel.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend...
Ohh! That would be great.
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
What's hard to believe?
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
It's my sister.
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Y'know what you should do?
Huh?
I'm listening.
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Hello? Hello?
So how's Mindy?
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Uh, boat rope.
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Oh here's a whole bunch.
Oh my God!
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
I'll take care of it.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Oh fresh air!
Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Oh!
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
This is the worst Christmas ever.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
That word was swans.
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Oh, this is not that bad.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
This one?
It worked!
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Oh, that's it? A great idea!
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Honey, it's gonna be okay.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
But I haven't used my card in weeks!
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Why? What happened to him?
Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Yes, they can stay with us.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Yeah, I know.
What?
Rachel stop!
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Oh me too.
No, I do not hear that.
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Did uh, Ross call?
No, I'm sorry.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
That is lucky.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
No, I'm not.
'Cause you guys were on a break.
When's my daddy coming back?
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Why did they get divorced?
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Hopefully.
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Yeah, maybe.
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
I say push her down the stairs.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
You can see where he'd have trouble.
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
I'm gonna start getting ready!
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here!
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Yeah.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Just a smidge.
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Yeah, what's it about?
Events from around the globe.
Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Okay.
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
What?! We can't do that!
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Because I promised Mindy I would.
Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action?
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Hey guys.
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
What are you talking...
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Yep! That's hilarious!
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Agh, it was the graduation from hell.
Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
So what happened?
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Can't I just look at the handles on them?
You would think.
What?!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
I thought it went very well.
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
All right, I'll pick that one.
Ohhh!
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
Yeah, yeah, what is it?
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Hey Rach!
How'd it go?
Not a good day for birds...
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
What?
Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Yep! There's always room for Jell-O...
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
I mean really, think about it.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
She didn't hang up either...
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-
Rach, I got a message from you.
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
That's ok.
What's goin' on?
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
You said she was bald!!
What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Hello!
All right, I'll do it.
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
No.
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
Yes!
You tired Chandler?
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
And stop saying that! I hate that!
Okay!
The pizza-place across the street any good?
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Are you talking about having sex?
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
What?!
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
What about Julie?
Well, that could take a while.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Uh-huh.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Well, Ross said my name.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Well, Ross said my name.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
What big thing?
I'll go.
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
I... Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
I'm a little embarrassed.
Then why did she ask us to...
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You think?
Hey, you're right.
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You think?
Hey, you're right.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
I'm right here!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
What?
Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Thank you.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
I thought you didn't smoke.
We get high.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Emily.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
You look cute in bubbles.
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
My what?
Are you serious?
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh, everything's pink.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Oh my God.
Can I see your license please?
Your license?
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Um. yeah.
I am soo dead.
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
Ha!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
You don't think I'm cute?
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Really? Like how?
That's a good one.
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Hey!
Hey Rach!
Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Uh-huh, that one!
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Why are you laughing?
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
No.
Rachel, you and Mark?!
Morning!
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
We need more cards.
That must be our alcohol and beers!
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
That's me.
Ahh, yes.
You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
So that's two of my wives.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Really?
Will you call him?
So now, what is this now?
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Here are your cakes.
We didn't order cake.
You're right.
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Wow, cute one!
Very!
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
Excuse me. It's about the job.
Sorry, Rach.
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Waitressing?
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Not even with your best friend.
Noo!
Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
Why didn't you get it?
You didn't get it?
No.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Yeah?
..Naughty!
Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
OK. Oh, oh, oh.
No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
No, I will not cave.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress.
What?
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Everybody smile.
Come on apartment! Come on apartment! Oh! I know queen is high!
All right, cut, let's pick again, pick again.
Okay.
Uh-huh, not as high as... It worked! King!
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Why are you laughing?
Right.
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Thank you.
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Thank you.
Right.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
..so, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Nope. We took her to lunch.
What?
Did you call the cops?
Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!
Oh my gosh, Joshua!
Sit!
Hi.
All those things I said about not being ready...
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Oh but Phoebe, we're gonna be late for the movie.
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! You didn't get the annulment?!!
Op! You're peeping!
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Okay Rach, but...
Ross! Y'know what, I just got-why? Why did you do this?!
Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
I think I'm gonna cry!
I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Huh.
Ahhhh!
See?
Would you like some gum?
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What?
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Hey guys! What's up?
I never knew that either.
I knew that! I sooo didn't know that, but you should see your faces.
Heyyy.
And the video camera?
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
That makes sense!
Uhh, Monica?
Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
How much did you pay for that?
Yeah? How much?
I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Oh my-Oh good God!
Baking it didn't help, huh?
Oh wow! Look at this place!
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
Merry Christmas!
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
No you guys...
No! Wait! Come on!
Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
I-I-am-
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower.
Hi you guys!
No it's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. See ya!
Hey!
Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Look, I gotta go. I'm on call tonight. See you Saturday.
Okay.
Oh, Jason? Yeah, uh-huh, we're seeing each other tonight.
Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Good night.
Men are such idiots.
That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Oh my God!
What?
Yeah?
Hi!
Alright.
I'm gonna pay for that tonight.
Hey.
Me neither.
Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Me too.
Fine.
Fine.
Fine.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
Bye!
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
We want you to marry her!
That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Y'know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Wha...
No, I'm just....
Maybe there's someone else.
Is there? Is there someone else?
Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
I did not sell you out.
That is the most ridiculous.
You sold me out.
Yes you did. Absolutely.
Oh my God, what happened?
Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
Oh. God, crazy Chandler. He spun me...off...the...bed!
Nooo, he's leaving for a better job.
Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
Yeah.
God, he's good.
If only he were a woman.
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
God I'm just a horrible person.
Noo! Oh God we did-we didn't, we didn't uhh...
No! No! No, not after seeing that.
Wh-why?
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
And I have costumes.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Barry?
Quack, quack..
Ross? That opens my cervix.
C'mon in.
Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
Hi, thanks for coming.
Somebody called about a monkey?
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
What 'cha readin'?
Yeah, I-I don't care.
Okay. I-I can't watch.
The paper.
Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Rach? What are you doing?
It's a diaper commercial.
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
You bet.
And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
No.
Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye.
Ten dollars an hour.
Twelve dollars an hour.
I'm sorry, Rosita? As in...
No?
No. Rosita does not move.
As in Rosita does not move.
Wow! Tell me something Joey--Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Yeah you did.
Rub it.
Oh, come on squeeze it.
No.
No.
So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
Well, y'know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
Why would you want to do that?
Rach, there is a decent place to...
Ohhh...
It'll be a short one.
Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
What?! Over a stupid room!
You think?!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore.
All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.
Yeah me too.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
A lot.
Oh.. a little..
Mm-hmm..
Mm.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Yep!
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Bye!
Okay!
Thanks.
Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Uh.
Really?!
Ohh, I think she knows where my Dad is.
What?
Oh well, where is he?!
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Let's roll!
Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Really? Mine too.
So, uh, how was your day?
Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Hey cool, mine too.
OK.
Yeah right.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Oh, hi.
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Until now.
Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Yeah, I know.
What?
Rachel stop!
That almost hit me in the face.
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
Here you go.
All right, we have to pick captains.
Ask me what?
Guys, do you think we should ask Ross to come along?
I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Umm, if ah, it might be okay if Ross came skiing?
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
No, I'm sorry. I have to go.
Good morning!
I sure did!
Well, h-how is this like that?
It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Well, I like you less!
Ow!
Okay, how do you feel now?
Well, this is just as boring in England.
Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Oh God, I really had a good time!
Yeah, me too. So, I guess this is it.
Yeah!
Here you go. Thank you!
Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
I guess so.
Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Tell her to wear her own earrings.
These are her earrings.
Why not?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, a thousand.
I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
Hey!
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Joey, no means no!
I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
May I help you?
Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Joey.
Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
No-no-no, I'm serious. You don't smell it? Something's on fire.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Anymore!!
Okay.
Yes, at 4:00.
Yeah I think so.
Okay.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
I wasn't talking to you.
Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey's lewd version?
What is this? What's going on?
Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Joey's!
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
We checked. A lot.
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Thanks!
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Oh, I'm sorry, were you speaking to me or sleeping with someone else?
All right, let's go!
You're welcome.
We were on a break!
Uh-huh.
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
Here we go.
You're not going?
Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.
Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
Oh, like, uh, five minutes?
Hey. Morning, dear.
Did you just break the radiator?
Ross, the heat!
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
I would love to live with you Ross; that's-that's great! Thank you!
Oh my God! Are you serious?!
Uh-huh.
Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Can we just start throwing things in?
Yeah, I'm good.
Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
It is the softest hair! Touch it!
Rachel? Patrick is really rich. Give her some money.
What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
Hey man, how did the audition go?
Estelle said I didn't get it.
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
So what are you guys going to do?
Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Ohh, God.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Good morning.
Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Chandler could you at least send some women to my party? Alright that's Ross.
Ok, they're coming, shhh.
Thanks for being born.
All right Ross!! I get it!!
Your loyal loving boyfriend Ross..... Ross!
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
I mean my God...
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Chandler!! Are you gonna call her!
Great! I'm looking forward to it. Rachel, any messages?
Sophie's desk.
Noo!
Really?
You don't.
Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Mmmm.
Who are you saying "check" too?
Don't read my condoms!
Passport, check! Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Like what?
Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Bye-bye-e!
You take care Jill.
Okay, see ya!
Bye.
Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
I know. Yeah, his name is Pat.
Well-well a little blind sided but y'know good.
Eldad, this is Rachel.
How are you?
Eldad, sit down. Move over! Move over now!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Why isn't it working out?
Is he not cute enough for you?
Oh, God...
Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
The end.
Should I not have told you?
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
What?
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
God bless the chickpea.
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
I used to wet my bed.
Would you excuse me for a second?
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Turned out it was a hat.
Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding!
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Cat!
Hey, Mon.
There were times when it wasn't even me.
That is so sweet, you guys.
Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
What?
Wow.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
Me.
Ahhhh.
No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo Woo.
Hey Rach.
Oh. And how was the date?
Uhh, the mailman, the super.
Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy.
Oh.
What's goin' on?
Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Excuse me... This hospital is for people!
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Excuse me. Hi.
Hi.
You don't think I'm cute?
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
Hey now you have two. Oh, now you have two.
Monica.
I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
No, I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
I'm not gonna gooo.
You're not going to go.
How, how, um how can you not be going?
Monica's making jam.
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
What is this? Fruit?
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Does anybody need more coffee?
Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
Yeah, I'll take some.
I got a touchdown! We did it!!
Okay.
Break!
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
Hi honey!
Hey, hold on a second.
Okay.
Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?
Monica, what are you doing?
So, are you gonna see him again?
Tomorrow night.
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Okay. Oh wait, wait-wait, you're not gonna come with me?
I really do.
Okay, I'm gonna get your coat and then I'll-I'll put you in a cab.
Of course I am. I just have to make a call.
Well, why doesn't he practice with a girl?
His dancing partner?!
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
Well, he's too shy, he doesn't thing he's good enough to dance with girls yet.
What the hell is that?!! What the hell is that? Is that you? Ohhhhhhh!
Yes! Totally!
Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!
Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Oh my God!!
What do you think?
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
Why do you care so much anyway?
Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
You like me?
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
But...
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
What did he say?
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something?
Hey!
Hey!
Sure.
Yeah, they were very y'know...wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Oh, you're kidding.
We don't, we don't wrestle now.
Oh. Ohhhhhhhhh....
Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
You got ink on your lip.
So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Yeah!
Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
Well that I can believe.
Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!
Yeah, it'll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
Vomiting stories are funny...
Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
Ha!
Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
What?!
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Uh-huh.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
In your mouth?!
You were at the coffeehouse!
Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
Obviously.
Elizabeth, what are you doing here?!
Yeah! Yep.
Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Uh-huh!
Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
What? I was just trying to teach you.
Why not?
Because! You're mean on the boat!
Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
Yeah, I filled them out last night?
Hey Rachel!
Allison's birthday party.
A birthday party.
Who's birthday party?
Oh, and how is Allison?
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Yeah?
Oh no! Oh! Wow!!!
Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Y'know?
You practice losing the Grammies too?
Ah.
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
We ruined everything.
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Some of them.
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Okay, who wore those?
Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Oh, thank God.
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Why aren't you at work?
Mon. Hi!
Hi.
Oh, they-they sent me home.
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Just, just, just pick one!
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
I know isn't it? It's like I'm right there with Joshua.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Wow, that's-that's-that's incredible.
Uh-huh.
Oh yeah.
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Nooo, it wasn't.
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Wait. Give him a minute.
Noo! Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
Oh, yeah, he clipped on, he said call him as soon as you get a chance, he's at Flimby's.
Okay, bye-bye!
All right, I'll see you tonight.
Okay.
Bye!
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Wait! Okay!
I'm not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn't.
Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?
Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Ohh, sleep with Kenny.
Well it's mine too! What else you got?!
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
Because it's my apartment!
How about, you're moving!!
Uh-hmm.
Nothing.
Okay, can we just sign please?
Congratulations.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Good luck Phoebs.
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
No? So you're saying that if I called it, it wouldn't ring?
You stole the phone!
No I didn't!
No.
And Joey....
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Hi!
Hi!
Pancho Vila?
Hi!
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
Yeah!
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
And-and-and not only that, I'm gettin' a new brain!!
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Um... unless, unless I use yours.
Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.
That's insurance fraud.
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
Would you excuse me for a second?
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Ross, he's got the remote again.
Really.
Oh, yeah, right.
Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Ok?
Ok.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
So you really OK about all this?
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Well, so what're you gonna do?
But you already told me everything.
Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Oh, yeah.
He could hear me.
Oh that's what you want.
You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
OK.
Yes.
NO!
Hey.
Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.
No?
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
NO!
No?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Here are your cakes.
We didn't order cake.
You're right.
For what?
What?
Hi, welcome home. I need to borrow a hundred bucks.
I've gotta get back in the game.
Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys.
So do you have like any nuclear weapons on board?
I can't say.
I'm sorry, but I can't say.
No, no, no, wait! Okay, okay. Don't! I'll go, I'll go!
Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
You will?!
Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
Yes, his name is Barry, he's a doctor, thank you very much.
Awww, just like you always wanted. Congratulations
Aww, not right now.
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Ow!!
Isn't there a national football league.
And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
Fine. Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
Because that would be crazy?
Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
No anchovies.
Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Yeah, come here!
What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Okay, good bye!
Yes I am!
I'm fine, I'm fine.
No you're not.
Rach!
Yeah...
What's your favourite thing about summertime?
Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Hey!
This place is amazing.
No-no-no, that's a video-phone. But hey guys you're not supposed to be here, so please, do not touch anything.
I-kea! This is comfortable.
God, that is the nicest kitchen.
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Well, y'know, possibly. You didn't tell him that, though? Right?
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Ummmmmmmm, no.
I don't know, it was you and a bunch of albino kids.
Yeah.
Thanks. What photo album was it?
Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
Okay. Every time.
You wanna go inside and have some coffee?
Yeah.
Oooh, what you got there?
I'm not gonna marry Chandler!
No-no, Rachel, don't get it! He can't see us!
No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Not after this!
I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
He'll be here OK, take a chill pill.
I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
Thank you so much.
I haven't really had any yet.
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.
Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
We?!
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
We thought you knew!
Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
Hey!
Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Okay!
Now?
All right!
This is the coolest house ever!!
Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room?
I would!
Oh no, you're the best.
Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
I'm gonna do it.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Yeah, what's it about?
What 'cha readin'?
The paper.
Events from around the globe.
Do you even know who Kip is?
Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Hey, you're not Kip!
Who cares? You're Rachel! Who's Kip?
It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay.
Really? A purse?
It looks like a women's purse.
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
All right, let's go say good-bye.
Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
And a date with a man!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Because a car backfired?
Okay, why are you here?
You talked to her?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Huh.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Huh.
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
Yes.
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
I can't believe you won't just admit it! Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
You can live with me.
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
See now it feels like Christmas!
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Hey you guys.
Yeah do it now, call right now.
Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
This is my favorite part.
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Shhhh!!!
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Who are these men?
Oh.
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Men. I guy I know.
I have.
Okay!
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
Oh! I've got a lot of those too!
Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!
That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Shake it off.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Surely you can think of something good.
Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Yeah!
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Thunder being stolen!!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Sweepin'. Why? Turn you on?
All right. Hey-hey-hey!! Sandwiches!
Ohh we're not sailing.
Just pull on it.
What else?
Oh wow!
Here you go.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
Could I play?
I just did them.
Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
I just did them.
What?
I'd love to!
Okay.
I'm gettin' back together with my ex-girlfriend.
What?
Hi Pheebs.
I love you.
Skidmark's still got a way with the ladies.
Hi!
But Pheebs, y'know you earned it.
You do? Why?
Because I think it means more to you.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you've been thinking about since you were what, 14?
Joey, y'know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Maybe on some level.
What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Ohhh!
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Stevie the TV?
Is there a problem?
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Wouldn't you love to do it just once?!
Don't do it.
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Yeah?
And a nice hot cider for Monica.
Aww, thank you. Uh Rach?
Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Why?
No.
I don't think so.
Well, he may be now, because I think I hit him with my car.
...pig...pig man!
He's like a big disgusting...
...like a...
Yes, good! Ok...
All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Say that to him and you're golden.
No! There is.. there is noone else!
Wha...
Is there? Is there someone else?
Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
