Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. A beard and a moustache. Thank you. No, she didn't think so. I know it's like anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh! Okay. Okay, thank you! Yeah, it's not coming off.
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do!
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with...girls.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here...
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy..."
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
Hey-yeah. Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here-but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? This blue suit, or this brown one?
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Little girl misses her cat. Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife! Oh, I'm sorry! It's unbelievable!
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
My God! These pants are burning up! Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! Are you hot?
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I've been thinking, I'm just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7.
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is...Oh my God!!
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So... Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Because! Because, it-it-it's... It'd be like you having this guitar and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don't ride it you-you're-you're killing its spirit! The bike is dying.
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie!
No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he's so cheap, he'd never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough?
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
...and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. Yes Mr. Lewis?
Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
No! No! Look-Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me kitchen.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. That's not how that was supposed to come out.
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
Well I don't know umm, what if we were too tie each other up? Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. Call Joanna. Hi.
Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... threw it in the lake.
Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay, here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn't want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can't.
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
I'm sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y'know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?
Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.
Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
You? You! Want to watch Ben? Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is.
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
How was I supposed to know we'd end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me...
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. No, Andr is not here. Third time today. Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.
Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport.
Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! Yes we're surprised! Who did you leave a message with?
That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? I'm actually asking you!
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy.
Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!"
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.
Yeah! They're putting together this panel to talk about these fossils they just found in Peru and The Discovery Channel's gonna film it!
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
I'm just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y'know? I used them as mittens, I didn't want to touch a thing in that last place.
Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of...sexy professor vibe?
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.
Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
Come here. Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Well, this was fun. Uh, we should really do it again sometime, wha'dya say? Ok. Alright so I've got him.
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. But who cares?! Because it's all on me! That is, one big drink!
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Hey, they're going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y'know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn't you see Personal Best?
Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. All rightie, bye bye.
Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom!
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Actually that-that's not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... Y'know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend's a lesbian.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out.
Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?
Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Elizabeth! Okay. Okay. I'm gonna go out this window. I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins-stop it -now. What was Monica's nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Oh-oh, okay, okay! If you don't mind I'm gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt. You have a pleasant evening.
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Okay, if you'll excuse me, I-I'm gonna go hang out with some people who don't know the Space Mountain story.
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says...
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me?
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. Oop, oh yeah!
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again!
No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn't work either, I can't tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... Actually, thanks!
Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It's not like I choose to do it! It's not like-It's not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so...
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
Yay! Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?!
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y'know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so...
Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Don't be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it's too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
Well, why don't you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! Or isn't...
I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
Well, they painted over the word 'Sapien' for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let's just leave it at that.
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don't you just hand over the keys?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
The sex? Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.
Jen, I know this may sound a little... But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Ah... Ah...Get out of here! Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Eh, 'cause I knew that if I told you, you'd make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. Okay, you're in bed...
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins...now! What is Joey's favorite food?
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. We will, we will, call you back!
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Hey, you're not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it's time to light the Hanukkah candles!
Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Thank you. C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal?
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Look, I don't think so Pheebs. All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend.
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel?
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Thanks. Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now!
Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?
I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room could destroy you!!
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
Okay, okay, yes, it is. How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There's a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now.
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
Uh-huh. Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. Okay, let's go see Monica!
Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever can't do it. Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
I know, I know, it's, it's almost... What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff-
Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love!
It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Well, I do, so let's... So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived! Here.
Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!
Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OKif you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.
Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
You know what, I think we've had all the bad luck we're going to have.
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben. 'A real American hero. I'm G.I. Joe!' Drop the Barbi, drop the Barbi.
She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
You're great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Hey, hello! mmwa! I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn't bring you here so you can ambush her.
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. Okay Rach, that's you. That's the couch.
Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
That's not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
No, it's not just that. It's justI want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh...
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?
Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new......old sheet?
Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one timenot any more. I justI...
But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica's quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
Yeah, it kinda grows on you. Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Hey! Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. She wants to say hi. Hold on.
OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
Getting married. Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you've done everything else!
Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
Still I could tell. She was into me. Well, why don't you set us up?
I like it, and Emily likes it, and that's what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. Just easier that way.
Look, I'm not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.
No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! All right Rach, let's go!
I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
"Hey Ross, it's you!" Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office?
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Just one uh, one additional relationship thought. Probably something your already familiar with, uh, women talk!
Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! 'Sup?
Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Hey Joe, while you're over there how about another beer for the Ross-A-Tron?
Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I'd have to talk you into this more.
Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.
Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
Oh, that's not true! I've got her lots of stuff she never took back.
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn't moving.
Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I'm afraid I-I had to fail you.
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she's more.. y'know, and you're more
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
It's her first day at this new job. Your not supposed to start with her!
Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?
Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Seven years. I mean we've been together seven years, she's the only woman who's ever loved me, and the only woman I've-I've ever....
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
Way to go guys. Y'know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings in his ear.
Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at...
Why?! Are there like bears or something?! Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.
Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her.
Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs...
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..
Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh...
I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Ok, bye. Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
Oohh, 23. Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars!
So, do we really have to ask who's going up on the platform next?
Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
'Cause I know what you're trying to pull here. Okay? It's not gonna work.
Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y'know what I think? It's just she-she's weird. Y'know it's because she's a twin. Twins are weird.
So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie's at 9 o'clock?
I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Okay. Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
Oh my God, he just said your name, that's great! Good job Ben.
No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off before?
Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
I know, I wasn't finished. But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . .
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. The Lightning Round!
No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't...
Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.
You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
I mean you're not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Okay, come on! All right, I gotta go! So good luck at the party. Okay?
Come on, you-you can't tell me you actually believe that-that there's a woman inside that cat!
Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
He-he was with me umm, we're playing a little game, y'know? Hide and seek.
Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. But, uh... look how happy she is.
That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
Okay, so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?
Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
Fine. I just need to know that you're not gonna tell your sister.
Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. What is that?
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
Thanks guys! I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.
How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi.
Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin' in there.
Hi. It's nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don't anymore.
I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...
OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together.
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and what-what is uh, what's this?
Okay, this play, I want you to do a down and out to the right. Okay. Break!
Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. I'm Ross.
Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.
Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in-No, yeah, okay.
There's nothing the matter with me. See, I'm not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Hello? No she can't come to the phone right now. Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye.
No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Y'know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.
I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?
Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great.
Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
OK, turn around. I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Okay. Uh, huh. Excuse me, I'm sorry, I-I think you may be in our seats.
I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Can you believe this? We're gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!
My God. Rachel! Your here. I can't believe it. What happen? Why are you here?
All right, that's it! Come-you-no! You are in big trouble young man!
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
That's all right, we-we don't need you. In fact, hey I'm over it already.
Look, I don't know what you're talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .
No, no, no just do it. Go in there and pick something out so we can go.
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? I will think about the therapy.
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. Now come on!
I don't know what I'm going to do. That date starts in like an hour.
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Wow! I'm honored! And y'know what I'm gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
I got it. So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler.
Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. And that goes back up there.
She doesn't know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! Okay. You got it?
Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like ten minutes left!
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say...
Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest... But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
Oh, nothin' much. Just trying to figure out what I'm gonna do for dinner.
Wha? No no! Ah! All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.
No, it's my joke, it's mine. You can call them, they'll tell you.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.
Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?
I-They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!
We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Yeah... I guess. I don'tI don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK?
Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
Oh, I've got to go pick up Ben, we've got a play date this afternoon.
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante.
Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe's mom remind anyone of a cat?
Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.
Mine stole my newspaper! It's like a crime wave!! Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Oh sweetie, when do you think you're going to get off tonight?
Sure! Oh, and Joey's got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
Sometimes, you should come over sometime! I'll play you one of my other...
Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
We are never gonna find him! He's one guy in a huge city!
Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? What?
No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
Eh, either way I'll pass. I still can't eat those. What's so funny?!
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment!
What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car...
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
You don't have a valid driver's license-Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
All right, show's over. Nothing to see here. Ok, let's do laundry.
Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey's special romance magazines in there?
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn't so scary, was it?
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
This couch, is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half!
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.
No, come on, he doesnt know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.
Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys.
Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Nothing, ah there was this thing at the museum. Come on. Easy.
Ooh. What is the name of Chandler's father's Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
There's this kid in my class who said he's in love with me.
Yeah, definitely, I'm sure you'll feel totally different when it's our baby.
Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation.
Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out.
Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
Joey, I did not break this! Okay? That has been broken for a while.
Of course not. With you it's like I've got two 25-year-olds.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease... BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.
Oh, see I-I don't know if we're gonna be hungry at three.
Yeah, little change in plans. Ahh, we're gonna break-up instead.
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
I go back there with lawn ornaments, he's going to laugh in my face.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
No you do-y'know what, you're not gonna suck me into this.
Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.
Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
I'll be right there. Hello! Hello! Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Monica, uh Dad called this morning and ah, Aunt Silvia passed away.
Well that's different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Thank you Gunther. We didn't want to have to go and do that.
Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.
Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she?
I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the salmon mousse.
Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys.
One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.
Come on that's not fair! I mean you haven't even heard me play!
Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? That-that's a no.
OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
Sure! Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants...
You go get 'em. What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
Oh, that's right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that's gotta be embarrassing!
Oh yeah-No-You're welcome. We'll talk about it later.
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac...
Here she comes. Don't say a word, okay? Just be cool, don't be...y'know you.
Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I'm sorry.
The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.
Okay Phoebe, I guess you're next although I really don't see the point.
No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Now, if you need to stay late, I want to be supportive of that.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.
I know. That's why I did it. Come on, are they really that bad?
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
Nothing! There's nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she'd have to uh, move here. She should move here!
Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
What-what are you doing?! Are you-Okay that's not funny! Just stop horsing around!
I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
All righty roo. What a great moment to say that for the first time.
Enough with geography for the insane, okay? Let's play some ball, guys.
Okay, I'll be up in, 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.
Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.
Ah no. I don't, but it could not have been more than sixty.
I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
When Monica was a little girl, I remember that--Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
I was their first born! They thought she was barren! It's not my fault.
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Know what-If somebody doesn't tell me what's going on right now...
Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Listen to me! When my time comes, I wanna be buried at sea.
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
I've never walked down the aisle knowing it can't end in divorce.
This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he's sweeping.
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
Ok. Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.
Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
I've gotta go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no.
Um-hmm. I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Um. I know it says black tie optional, but, um this may be pushing it a little, um.
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!
Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now.
You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
Right, will you excuse us for one moment? What are you doing?
Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
Oh, she didn't think it would be that big of deal.
Really?! Wow! That's-that's so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. Helloo!
I was kinda, supposed to be on TV tonight for The Discovery Channel.
God, do you realize in ten years we're gonna be 40?
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together.
That's a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
I prefer not to answer that right now, I'm still carrying a little holiday weight.
So Rachel called. Wants to see me. Going over in a minute.
Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child!
Well, he said there's definitely nothing to worry about, it's totally benign.
Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Are you sure? Hold on. I'm sorry you guys, that was a coffee and a....
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one.
Okay, I'm gonna get your coat and then I'll-I'll put you in a cab.
No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.
I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.
Yeah and he didn't really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.
Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father.
Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
No, that's, no, as long as you're okay. So I'll ah, I'll see you tomorrow.
This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Well, ya know, they're a little behind the times in Colonial Williamsburg.
I know, but ahhhhhh!! I really wanna go up there and finish that kiss!
I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
OH MY GOD!! I didn't really believe it until you just said it!!
Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I'm sure we won't get arrested for this.
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
You're taking the word of a guy who has night vision goggles?
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
Am I supposed to stand here and listen to this on my birthday?
Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben.
I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom.
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either.
C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.
Y'know what? I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...
I can't believe it. Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl's breast?
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
Sorry. 'Cause umm, I think this will make you a little more sophisticated.
That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
We said it was only going to be two weeks, y'know?
Well for starters, you may want to light it and lose the spatula.
How come it's always us left in the field holding the ball?
No! Pick me! I don't want to end up an old maid!
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...
If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?!
Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
'Cause Carol's a lesbian. And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.
I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Oh, just this woman that I met last night at the party.
All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again.
Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids...
This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
Okay, I'll see you soon buddy. Be back in an hour.
What? So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
What? That's great. That is great. What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.
Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for?
Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
I'll tell you what Mon, I'll give you the first box for free.
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
It doesnt matter. You dont dip your pen in the company ink.
Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.
Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
Uhh, okay, it's uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married.
Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine, he's just sleeping now.
You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight.
Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
I...Reorganized The Fridge. See, Bottom Shelf: Meats And Dairy. And Top Shelf expired products.
Okay. I did divert her and we ended up having a great time! Okay?
Well umm, I've been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
No Phoebe, don't look! You don't want to see what's under there!!
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
Pheebs, I think she's great. Okay? We're going out again.
And you're afraid you won't be able to...fill his shoes.
Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Oh yeah! Then how come you didn't get the Geller Cup?
No! And I'm not gonna be, so you can save you little speech.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
No! The reason I'm asking is that... I sorta had one last night.
You-you're gonna get married?! I mean... We're gonna be brothers-in-law!
That's, that's, that's a big candy bar. I had the most amazing time with you.
Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
The one with the cat. I gotta go, I've got another date.
Right. So is it gonna be like 'I'm abandoning you while your upset.'
Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall.
Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.
Hey, what'd you guys do to get up on there?
Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second. That's my friend's machine.
And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross.
Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good! Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
I dunno, maybe it's because you're really sarcastic. Or maybe it's cause you uh-
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
Yeah well, if I know Mark, and I think I do, I'd expect nothing less.
So you're strong enough to face her on your own?
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that?
Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go.
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water?
All I have to do is close my eyes. See? Woo-hoo!!
I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm standin here, huh.
Okay. Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Oh! Well then this is awkward. So what do you uh...
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
That's the day you're gonna die? See-darnit, I've got shuffleboard that day.
Well now let's-let's look at this objectively, I think I should date her...
Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say...
I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.
Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?
This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
I'm sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.
Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
So it's really a question of who could you have possibly done.
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
He won't? He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?
Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.
I always knew I was havin a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.
No, I missed and hit the door. But, it opened really hard!
Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don't want to make it savory.
Hey Chandler, there's a party tomorrow, you'll feel better then.
Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.
Hey, uh, I'm really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
Yeah, I'm-I'm sure. Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind.
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. a-weema-way, a-weema-way.....
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
I can't believe in four weeks they're gonna be married!
I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'
Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
Yes! That's where we realized we were both super cool people!
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later.
We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later.
I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
11, unbelievable 11 is correct. All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
Hop in. Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.
How about we settle this right now! There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Maybe it's uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more!
Thanks! Ugh, I can't believe you're not gonna be there!
Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn't break the porch swing, Monica did!
So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?
No, no, we will. We just won't tell her she messed up.
No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh please! You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Hiiii-Ya!! I'm serious! You're not walking out on my sister!
Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...
Thank you. So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
Y'know, I-I-you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
I have no idea. I mean... But-but I assure you I will figure it out.
Well I'm jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won't have a father if-if I die!
Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.
No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.
Oh. Wow! Huh. Boy! Well, someone's been doing their homework.
Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking-
Everybody put their balloons down!!! Now this is a nice suit!!
Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?
Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
Oh come on! Here we go! Stand by for mission countdown!
That's okay, I'm not so crazy about myself right now either.
Oh, I know. Y'know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda...
Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?
Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here.
Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?
Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?
Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...
I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
Well, I suppose we just try to not look directly at it.
Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
Okay. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?
Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York!
And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.
Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Okay, I think I might know why my parents don't like you.
Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.
Whoa, hey! What are doing? Trying to get me drunk?
Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I...I really miss downstairs.
Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Let me hold him for a sec. There. Huh? There we are.
Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.
So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' Ohhh!
Oh well. It probably would've been the most constructive solution.
Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.
So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
You don't-you don't want to hear about my dream Officer...Pretty?
Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
No! No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?
They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
He hasn't gotten out of that chair in two days.
I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she?
Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.
Oh really? Well I-I guess Monica should know about Atlantic City.
Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.
I'm gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in!
Come on, would you grow up? It's no big deal.
I know! I'm saying you have to watch them all the time.
Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.
Pheebs you uh...you do know how to ride a bike don't you?
Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.
No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Okay. So well I'll umm, I'll have her home by midnight.
Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
So it's looks like we're the first ones here.
You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
Here we come, walkin' down thethis doesn't smell like Mom's.
Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something.
Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh...
Yay! And that takes what? Just six or seven minutes.
Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Oh, well of course, the humiliating. So, so wee, we're okay.
Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! Still not yelling!
Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?
It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.
Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?
No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Yeah. The doctor got the 'K' out. He also found an 'M' and an 'O'.
This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.
I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. All right Joey, we get it. I'm sorry.
Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand...
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
No, but it'd be nice if you realised, it's just a job!
Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.
So what's a matter, you need a dentist? I've got a good one.
So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?
Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty?
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
That's right, and that's why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
What, so this guy is helping you for no apparent reason?
That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Your mother's right. Take her, you can wear my tux.
You're sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
You're fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Hi. Sorry we're late but we werewell, there was touching.
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Great! Uh, let me take this up for you.
Y'know of-officer I uh...I had the weirdest dream last night...
Yes! You're the person who checked out my book?!
Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? So, ahh, where were we?
No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back.
Yes! Wow, well, that-that was easy. Okay, you-you go.
Well sure. But I get married all the time so...
Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. Ow.
Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
I'm getting ready for the water skiing. How are you doing?
And what are you going to do for him?
Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.
Y'know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to...
What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.
So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?
What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little...
I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!
I don't think so. Hello? When you get in there...
No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
No the man's right, that's what I had with Rachel.
I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.
Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I...
You're joking, right? You guys just walked through the door.
I can't, I can't even believe her! No, y'know what, I am, I am gonna go!
I can't, I can't even believe her! No, y'know what, I am, I am gonna go!
You did so. I swear, I swear How long has she been in the bathroom?
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush.
Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?
OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. You're welcome.
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
I don't know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.
Getting it away from me would be job one.
I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
Ah. Joey you're-you're having lunch with my mom?
Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.
I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? Pheebs? Hello? Phoebe? Phoe-Phoebe! Come on!
No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
And so now you guys are gonna be married?
And it'll be cool to see it again! Yeah!
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow.
Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up?
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Well I, close your eyes, I just think you're gonna like this a little better, 'cause, close-close...
We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.
What about the time I said we were on a break?
No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Now, how will they know if you're ready?
Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.
I'm really glad we came. You're so pretty. I love you.
Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
Then you should have said something before I met her.
It's not like we don't know how to party!!
Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.
Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?
Well y'know 'cause Rachel and I used to go out.
Okay. What ah, what is the matter with you? What's going on?
Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.
God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Anyway.. um.. So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Well, we didn't have freedom here until 1776, either so...
Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.
So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.
So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
There you go! Good enough for your party, huh?
It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.
Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Okay, but do you really need another friend? I mean...
The one that always stares at me when I come in?
Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month!
Here. At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.
Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
Yeah well, if ah, if that's the rule this weekend... No!
So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
No! Okay! Okay! Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?
What? Come on Rach, tell me what you're thinking?
Rach, y'know I can see you naked any time I want.
And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.
Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
That is really nice...lying! No way is that the reason!
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don't ya?
So what! I still have-No you're probably right.
Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
It took two people to break up this relationship!!
Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
Hey, y'know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.
Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.
Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Ah Joey, I don't think you get to pick the cities.
Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.
Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!
I'm sorry the answer there would be...none of us.
Carol our sex life is-it's just not working...
Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.
No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.
10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Absolutely. So, twins... hah! Thats like two births. Ouch.
Yes, that's what I was going to ask, thank you.
Hey, y'know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron!
Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!
Well I'm, I'm a little slow. Just as our children would be.
Dude, you didn't say Die Hard. Is everything okay?
You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Come on! All the cool kids are eating 'em!
Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be?
People are doing it in front of my book!
Uh, yeah! I still can't believe she hates Pottery Barn!
What?! What is with everybody? It's Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
Joey where's the pipe that was holding the door open?
Oh, now you can exchange them if you want, ok.
Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
All we're saying is don't rush into anything.
I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that.
He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.
No-no, one daddy, two mommies. All right, it's all yours.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
No. No, y'know you don't, you don't wear enough of this. What?
Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey?
Sorry! Sorry! Oh, there! Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!
Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
I talked to Rachel's sisters, neither of them can come.
Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
So do you have like any nuclear weapons on board?
And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...
Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Look uh, if we're gonna do this...
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
Come on Rach, you don't have what, ten minutes?
Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?
Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
Coffee sounds great. Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?
Hey Rach, can I talk to you outside for a second?
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
Come here, come here. Uh, ow! Emily, will you marry me?
Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
What? A-ohh! Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
That'll be a neat trick, when you're, when you're dead!
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?
How are you ever going to sell this place?
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations.
No, no, that-that, that's all right. Umm, I'm just glad you called.
Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.
We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Hey, there's uh, some people outside, askin' about candy.
I wanna be buried at sea, it looks like fun.
My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Okay, I'll just wait for him in here!
Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
Oh, I don't know how that got in there.
So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
So do we!! So do we!! I'm sorry you had to see that.
Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
Oh my God. Oh my God! And you're-you're...you're not freaking out?
And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?
Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Yes, yes I am, one of the many things I'm feeling. Well....
Well because I have to work on Monday, I have a big presentation.
Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?
Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Well, we believe it originated here. In the Aroma Room.
Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What... Oh God...everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming.
Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
That's nice. Get out Let's go, come on.
Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?
Okay. You can feel all the bones in your skull.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Where'd you get fruit at four in the morning?
Yeah, it's hard okay, I only have two spots left.
Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
Well pal, you didn't give me much of a choice.
I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
"Hi Rach, are you there? It's me, pick up. Rachel. Rach!"
I guess he musta gotten the part in that play.
Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Cookies and porn, you're the best mom ever!!
Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
I know. He's like a new man. It's like a scene from Cocoon.
Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.
How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
No, not this time. So... what'd you have?
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
I don't have too. I can just look at you.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
She is not... She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.
Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele!
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now?
Well I-I-I don't care how hot it is it's-it's uh, it's wrong.
And what--What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing! Hey! Stop typing! Stop typing! Stop typing!!
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
Oh my-Come here! Come here! It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
C'mon Rich, it's my birthday, let me live vicariously.
They, uh, were infected. He wouldn't have made it.
Hey! Look who's back! It's the birthday girl! How's the birthday girl feeling?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more...
Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
Come on, you made coffee! You can do anything!
What you don't think I'd go up to her?
Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Well that's the first time we've said that.
Well I'm sorry but, that-that's really not my problem.
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Here, check it out. It's the first one, too.
Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.
Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.
Oh, no, no, no, it's-it's not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....
I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
Hi! What's ah, what's Mark doing answering your phone?
Hey. Uh, Chan, can I uh, can I talk to you for a second?
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Oh yeah, how about you and the, "I'm sorry!"
Oh please, can't I come to your special, magical cabin?
I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? I'm fine, I'm fine.
Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? I'm fine, I'm fine.
What, you didn't get it? The doctor is a monkey.
Okay, all right, I'll take you. I'll go call Joan.
Oh, please. Sweetie it's hopeless, okay, I'm just gonna go.
: OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got?
Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
You're right, thanks for keeping me honest dad.
Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Well, umm, why don't you give him a call?
Dad, she won't want to go with me.
Well, c'mon. Don't ya want to find out?
Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
I know if you were getting married I'd feel, kinda..... y'know.
Oh, come on, now you know you want 'em.
I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
To London! Come to London. Please? It'll mean so much to me.
Oh! I thought you guys got married in uh, January?
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie...
Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!
Yes, yes it is. It's uh... Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?!
What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Of course I am. I just have to make a call.
There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
You want me to call her right now?
Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Damn! I can't believe I took her off my list.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
Wait, how do you zoom out? There she is.
Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit.
Uhh, believe me when he's older, he'll understand.
He's right, even if it's to say something complementary.
What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch.
Hello, Susan. Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
I tell you, I've never seen him this happy.
Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
The way he makes me feel about myself.
You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
Take thee, Emily. Like there'd be anybody else.
Take thee, Emily. Like there'd be anybody else.
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Well, if-if she thought they were on a break...
Wow! Great! Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
Monica couldn't tell time 'til she was 13!
Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?
That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-
Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.
Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!
Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
You'll see. Okay. Oh, what's-what's her name?
Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
Waitohheyhuh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!
I said 'share' not 'scare'. Go sit over there! .
You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'!
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today.
Dad, you really don't want to do that.
C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.
You can have the last piece, if you want.
It's winter, they are fewer people on the street.
Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
Exactly. So you didn't, didn't mention anything to Issac right?
Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
Come on you guys, it's no big deal!
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. I'm okay.
Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
Ugh, she's saying good-bye to her uncle.
Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Hey, what you do on your own time...
Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw...
I'm-I'm gonna wear this all the time! I love this shirt!!
Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
Um, Monica and I aren't supposed to play football.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Fine, fine, Rachel your with Monica, Joey you're with me.
What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?
The guy on the cover with his nipples showing?
Well ah, Aunt Silvia was, well not a nice person.
Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.
...is for me not to see you anymore.
I, I just never think of money as an issue.
Okay, okay, okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?
Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?
Yeah, it'll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
Okay, it's second down. Take all the second downs you need.
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done! Ahh!
I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...
Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way.
Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there.
Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs.
I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
What a weird way to kick me when I'm down.
Thanks, Gunther. Hey! Umm, can I get a napkin too?
I was talking to myself! You're going down!
That's interesting, but check this out. I date her...
Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.
'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?
No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm...
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice...
Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
We're all alone in an empty apartment.
Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?
I just wanna clarify this: are you outing Mr. Peanut?
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
Of course she would, you're a college man.
You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Yeah? What about ah, that bike messenger you hit?
Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
He is my girlfriend's father, okay? It's-it's, it's weird!
A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? Hi.
Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Oh no! Hey-hey, I'm the guy! I'll get it.
Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
717? Where's 717? Hey, you've have more of these for Susan right?
You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?
Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that...hot dog.
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
No, not since I lost her at the airport.
When I got married you slept with my sister.
Julie, can you hold this for a second, thanks.
Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
That's 'cause-'cause you're mom's dog kept-kept looking at me.
Will you hold Ben for a sec? Come here. Come here.
Huh. Y'know what's not one of a kind? A twin!
Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
Sweetie, don't worry you'll get picked. Chandler.
You know what I like most about him, though?
'The hills were alive with the sound of music.'
That, that is funny... .... and Rachel keeps touching him.
Thank you for bringing her into our lives.
Shh! Of course, why don't we go inside?
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
I think it means he freaked out and left!
But now! I'm there! I'm totally there! I'm-I'm finally where you are!
You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this.
And that's what's gonna kill me. I'm allergic to kiwi.
Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... Okay, you're dialing, you are dialing.
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
Oh, here, I, I'll get it for ya. Whad'ya want?
Like uh y'know like this! This! She-she could've made this!
OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the...
Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.
...now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
Phoebe, you can't massage people in my apartment!
And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
What? What? What?! You guys knew? You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?
Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
Yeah, if you're really hungry. It was a joke, I made a joke.
No I don't want to play video games, Joey!
Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?
Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.
Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
Yeah, yes it is, I was just moistening the tip.
My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
I'm afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
Why-why can't you take a couple of days off?
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was...
Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.
Ahh. Ooh, is this a ah, is this a bad time?
I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie...
Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jell-o.
Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
Hey! Uh, Phoebe's not here is she?
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
It's worth the pain. Y'know what, you know what? It's not.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
What?! What does he want?! I wasn't doing anything!
I'll take it. My gift to you man.
No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy!
We're really gonna do this, huh?
Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!
I've said it! Okay?! But it's over Joey!
Ah, we'll all go. Come on.
So uh, have a great time down there.
Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
'Cause otherwise they'd have to call it the room room.
No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Rach, you can't look fat in an x-ray.
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
So, then you can stay as long as you want.
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
The kid...? Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.
Yes but too me he's just, man.
Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! This is men!!
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
Yes. I was just warming up the earpieces for you.
And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that?
Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
Great. He's doing great. Don't you worry about Chandler.
Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech.
Look, I'm sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
Oh here, I think this is us. Yeah.
Not for tonight. Not for tonight! Wh-what, what, what, are you doing?
Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
Yes, and that's why we're here.
All right. I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
Uh, yeah, I'll take a coffee. Thanks, man.
Okay, I'm done with my choices, these are final.
Who gets whom. I don't know why I do that.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.
Okay. You know that I-I have to go.
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Me, neither. I've had a really good time too, you know.
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
...and I really think it should be me.
Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Rachel! Well, you-you're not at home, you're-you're-you're right here.
Okay, I'm going to start climb down you now.
And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler.
So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
Okay. You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
Okay. You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
Great! Great! You're making the bike very happy.
That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel!
Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
But, you, you don't want to seem too pushy.
Calm down. There's no reason to get testy.
A woman in my office is a lesiban. I'm just saying.
OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.
Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
Yeah? I was good at the stuff huh?
Oh that is quite all right ma'am.
Well you said you couldn't go out so....
See, I would never snap at you like that.
He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...
Come on, they're gonna love you.
We were all pretty shaken up about it.
Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?
Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
So umm, where are the other guys?
Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Look it's the artist formerly known as Chandler.
Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
You come out there, you're a dead man.
Like 'em, like 'em? Or, I'd like to get store credit for that amount like 'em?
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
How hot do I look in this, huh?!
Uh, hello, the buzzer buzzed. It doesn't count.
Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
So, um... where did Paolo come from?
Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!
About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
How do you know? You don't have a watch.
That is so good! Do it again!
Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding!
Is there blood coming out of my ears?
So, are you gonna see him again?
Well, I'm not going to go now anyway .
You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
Look, you wanna get off my back?
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
Okay, I've got three of my five.
I was just thinking. When my time comes-
Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.
What is ah, Rach in her room?
That's impossible, he's got a twinkie in the city.
That little naked guy would be me.
That little naked guy would be me.
Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
You didn't tell her?! Okay, fine! Pheebs?
Chandler's gonna ask Monica to marry him!
Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me?
Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised...
Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys...
So we should probably get going soon.
Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore.
So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.
Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
And that's bad because..., you hate chicken piccata?
I-I just thought you were doing so well. I...
No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman's tux!
Put it back exactly where you found it?
Some days it's all I can think about.
I can't believe they-they didn't even tell us!
Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about...
Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... : Hiiii!
I could ask her to live with me!
I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.
Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Uh, never mind, I don't want to know.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Good morning. Nice breasts by the way.
What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
Oh, thanks Gunther. STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!
Ah, somebody's at the door on the ceiling.
And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...
Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
I... I don't know what you are talking about.
Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
Well, I'm going to take off. Congratulations man.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Better not be doin' these in order.
Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
All right, I'll see you guys later.
Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
Why does anyone have to be naked?
No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Okay, it must just be me then.
They don't look any bigger than me!
Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.
No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?
Marcel! Where are you going with that disc?
We have got to start locking that door!
Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
What? Are you going back to work?
Oh. And what do you call that?
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
Come on, come on, we're-we're-we're lighting the candles!
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.
That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
Okay, that-that's enough! Y'know, let's, let's let someone else play.
Open up. We want to talk to you.
Until we start to look very small.
Uh, just a sec dad. OK, be cool, just be cool. OK dad.
No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
How's Monica coming along with her vows?
Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.
Right? And this! She-she could've won this!
All right, maybe it means that too...
I think the check in is that way.
Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?
Rach, have you never done this before?
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!
I do not always have to be-okay, okay.
Well, I'm gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
That's crap!! Sister Brown Bird. Good going.
Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, Ive got to go. Ive got Lamaze class.
Ah, we're out. I sold them all.
Ah well, can't blame a guy for trying!
Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Oh thank you. Thanks very much. Ow!
Good. Maybe he can switch it back.
And why do you care so much?
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
Come on. All right, here we go. All right?
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?!
Do they wait for me to do this?
Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
So! Poetry? Susan's gay! They're being gay together!
Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat.
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
And now you want that money back.
Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
Yeah, I-I really do. Hey! This-this was a gift?!
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
I'm telling you, just a little bit at a time.
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Then where the hell have you been?!
I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one.
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
No-no, it's not that, it's just... I-I just moved in.
What? Sophie, does she have ten minutes?
It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.
Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
I tired attacking two women, did not work.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
That-that's always good news. Are you okay?
Did you see me write one down?
You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.
Okay, you are totally making this up.
Don't ask me, I had it and I blew it!
No, of course not! ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
High collar and baggy pants say I'm a pro.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
How much did you pay for that?
Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet.
I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
No one got me an engagement present.
Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- come here, Marcel-
Yeah! Yeah! Oh, this will make a great memory.
Oh, by the way, great service tonight.
Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
What do you like better flora or fauna?
I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
Is this what you had in mind?
Come on, Rachel, come on! Talk to me! Please!!
Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Uh no-no, she-she's out for the night.
I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life.
It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Look, can, can you do something for me?
Nice to see you again Dr. Green.
You know how close women can get.
Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Well, why're you all dressed up?
She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.
Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
That commercial always makes me so sad.
Of course I am! Okay, let's go godfather.
You can see where he'd have trouble.
Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Well, technically it seven billion years ago...
Rach, I got a message from you. Who's Michael?
Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
But, won't she notice I have makeup on?
Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
You don't want to believe me, I'm Mr. Funny to you. Mr. Funny...
Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? Help! Help!
Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
Hey-Ooh! What's-what's that, dinner stuff? You making dinner?
Do you say this stuff to girls?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
Oh Pheebs, that's great. It doesn't count.
Sorry, I'm kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
I'm just trying to help you, move on.
Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
All right! You go get him! Let's go!
Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
No-no it's not. What-what happened there Ned?
So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?
Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
Then you are neither of your parents!
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.
For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
Well, there goes my whole belief system.
I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?
Yeah but Phoebs, what about the end?
Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.
Marcel! What've you done to him?
Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that.
Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-
Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?
Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
Hero, I uh, I don't know-well, all right.
Uh-oh, saved by the bell. Hello?
Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
Okay. So uh, well, this-this is uh, this is awkward.
Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
So, um, what do you do for a living?
Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?
Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
All right. Okay, here we go!
Are you trying to get me to bribe you?
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Well sorry, that's what I do on dates.
We have 8:00 reservations at Grammercy Bistero.
So what do you want me to do?
Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want.
I- I think they're great! I, I really do.
You hated me when we were kids?
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Where there is no fear of commitment.
You see, and you thought she'd be judgemental.
All right, gentlemen, you're up first.
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...
Look, I do not re-love her.
Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
After what I did? Can you blame her?
Woah, ho-ho, whad'ya got there, a weapon?
That must be our alcohol and beers!
Yeah, I'll get right on that.
Okay, fine, fine. You don't want to believe me? No, that's fine.
15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...
What the hell happened on that beach?!
Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Come on, you know they love you.
Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
So let's decide on the spending limit...
Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.
Maybe that will liven up this party.
What do you think you're doing?!
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
Hey! What's she doing back here?
No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can'tyou can't do...
Maybe I should open a divorced men's club.
Cousin Frannie's wedding, its tomorrow night.
I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.
How can you not believe in evolution?
Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here!
Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Yes!! I knew it!! Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?
I'm getting married today!! Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
All right, let's go! Bye, Pheebs!
Hey Joe did... Did you ever have a threesome?
Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.
Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?
Uberveiss. It's new, it's German, it's extra-tough.
Oh! Y'know, I've got an extra futon.
Anyone else? Huh? Bring 'em on!
Yes, we have to tell her!
No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.
My foot is stuck in the pocket.
Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
So what are you gonna do?
As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
Yeah, were better off without them.
Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Oh my God it's just like I dreamed it!
Do not give him any money!
You see Amanda and I have a very special...
I'm gonna have to give him up.
Yes, we have something we have to get to.
My marriage, I think my marriage is um, is kinda over.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
Joey, some people don't like that.
I'm sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
W-What was the one right before bananas?
All right, we're gonna play.
Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
Hi honey, how did it go?
Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
So uh, Emily called last night...
Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!
Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
I thought it was gonna be a closed casket.
Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Well, we should probably get going.
Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
Get away from me I said no!
Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic bird?
Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back!
I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.
Hey, Rach, can I get some coffee?
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
Kinda like a big face without skin.
What, what do you mean, what? Is he gay?
It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.
You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
Let me see that! Oh man!
Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
We're just gonna be friends.
Oh no. Don't, don't, don't start packing. Come on!
Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson.
Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, what. You took his underwear?
So where are we going next?
Why do they keep doing that?
Fine, just stop thinking about me.
Hey, you gotta get Mom on the phone. Call Mom! Call Mom!
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
What?! Hello! We didn't get married.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Oh my God, is that still...
So umm, any word from Susan?
Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.
She wants me to move to London.
Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.
Joey, the guy's your best friend.
What's wrong with people having sex?
You're not going to go.
Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?
How did you know about that?!
This is not good for my rage.
Wow! How'd you get in there?
Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Hey! How long until Pete's fight?
She said you gave her the razor!
How could you not tell us?
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Oh God. Y'know, botanists are such geeks.
Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.
He's right, what she did was unforgivable.
My first time with Carol was...
That is one good looking man!
I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.
I gave him an extremely professional massage!
Are you guys sure about this?
I-I know. Well if something comes up...
No, I ah, I slept with someone else.
Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much!
Monica and Chandler are living together!
I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.
Oh-ho please. Ask her how?
Ohh, you can see them, huh?
If you wanna put a label on it.
Look I was going to tell you!
I'm gonna get you to talk to Chandler.
Surely you can think of something good.
They kept your room for a while.
No, just give me another minute.
Some would say she's attractive, yes.
Do you uh, do you talk about me?
How could you have told her?
Come on, show them to me.
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
Why are we in bed together?
Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
Is that supposed to be an insult?
Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
Oh, where are you guys going?
Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Okay, that's it, I can't take it anymore.
You're good. These are not.
Rachel! What are you doing here?
Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.
Someone at work ate my sandwich!
Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines.
Crack isn't even an intravenous drug!
Uh actually Joey, it's the Cretasous period.
All right, I'll see you tonight.
Now I'm depressed! ... Even more than I was.
All right Pheebs, your cab's ready.
And why wouldn't he get it?
No, this is pretty much it.
Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Well, you-you've always had glasses.
Easy. Easy. You have to go to the hospital. Okay?
Then what am I supposed to do?
Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!
Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. Good.
Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.
A loser you did it with 298 times!
Oh! Got 'em right here, check!
And I too am just a love machine.
OK, well, um, have a nice evening.
Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
After one class? I don't think so.
Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
No, no, that won't be ah, that won't be necessary
Come on, Pheebs lay off him.
So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?
How we doing, you guys ready?
What are you kidding? It's Batman's tux!!
It's just I miss her so much.
Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Oh. And how was the date?
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Well umm, y'know, I used to play.
Fine by me; hope she wins.
Hey does anyone have any gum?
That only took me an hour.
No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Oh my god. You are pure evil.
All right, I just wanted to check.
Yes, of course they like you!
Well... not in the same way...
Joey, you look nothing like Ben.
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe?
Beef in a dessert?! I- no no no, there is no way!
Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?
Her date tipped me ten dollars.
Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
Not hating Yanni is not a real reason.
And why exactly would I do that?
Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
And somebody took a shot at me!
There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
Please. This is so your fault.
Umm... Wow! That's-that's some pricey nut!
Ohh, this cake is really good!
And um...You look nice today.
Wow, it, it's neat learning about submarines.
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
OK sweetie, I'll see you later.
What? You have a date? Who with?
That sounds great. Same for me.
And the place looks so nice!
Hey, it's been like three weeks!
What should I wear, now I'm all nervous.
Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.
Dude, I need to talk to you a sec.
It felt like a 'big guy' moment.
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.
Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
Yeah? Oh-oh, she'd be so excited!
Oh, you-you're-you're one to talk.
And the Irish guy wins the joke!
They're not listening too me?
No, no, I mean, I mean a thing on my body.
Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
No, women are welcome to play.
Oh, ah, you don't need that.
Mr. Dickens gets to pick 'em.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
I find Marion's views far to progressionist.
Yeah, and-and thank you for Emily.
Are you out of your mind?
Before I forget, are we hitting faces?
C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
You ah, wanted to see me?
Wow, how many have you got?
All right! I want my key back!
But you already told me everything.
Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
Okay, can we just sign please?
It's nothing, I just gave her a hug.
Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
Why are you mad at me?
Oww!! Son of a...!! Ow! Come on!
What are you guys doing later?
You'll never get me, Joe!!!
Oh no-no, after you. Oh my God!
My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
Oh, you have some studying to do?
You look great. I, uh... I hate that.
See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Hi! Sorry I'm late. Were you sleeping?
Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.
So you two are really serious?!
Oh no, yeah no, that part's great!
Correct! What is Chandler Bing's job?
Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out.
Really like those Macadamia nuts, huh?
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
That's what you said last night.
Not for the next few minutes.
You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
No! Do you wanna hear it?
Oh my God, what's goin' on?
You need to get some sleep.
Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
And you didn't marry him because...?
All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
She lent me an egg once.
To wear in front of people?
Well did you try calling her?
Really? I mean, I, I had a whole speach prepared.
I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.
And she's supposed to buy this?!
No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird
Where the hell have you been?
Oh look, a low budget puppet show.
Are you not seeing him anymore?
Yeah-no, just that last song.
When did I say you were boring?!
You have a line down your face.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Yeah, but-but he didn't know that!
If you wanna call that a reason.
That is an old, Chinese woman!
Ugh, can you believe that guy!
It's heads. Gentlemen, pick your category.
And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Won't you dance around with me.
Hey listen man, about the stripper...
Oh, I hope they're not ruined.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Oh, tell me, tell me, is everything, uhh....?
Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant chef Hillary?
Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.
And she just gave you this?
Sorry I ah, I scared you in there.
Joey, get out of the fridge.
No, she kept kicking me away!
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Well, Chandler and I are in a bar...
Rach, he's not an ex-con.
Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
Was I talking to her about gas?
Were you the ones called the cops?!
Do you wanna start telling secrets?
What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross!
You're gonna be an aunt.
You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
Thanks for the help, problem solved.
Who needs a lease when it's family!
What the hell are you doing?
Uh, yeah, yeah I'll, I'm right behind you.
Thank you! That's what I keep saying.
It's the off light. Right Ross?
Not just restaurants, from our house.
So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!
And that wasn't fun for you?
You've had feelings for me?
Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon.
It-it's great to meet you Paul.
....and 12, 22, 18, four... What?
All right, did you just say all right?
Hey, I'm more cop than you two!
You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere.
No. I am not putting on makeup.
Tuesday right. Ok, bye you guys.
I think just the annulment for today.
That said it was my sandwich?!
Wow! That aspirin dance really works!
Number six: the way you smell.
Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Hey, I can handle it! All right?
Just uh, brought back your videos.
What, that wasn't the great news?
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.
Look, it's just a little more complicated...
I don't think you have much choice.
I'll have whatever Christine is having.
Because you sent away the dog!
What are you doing here, Santa?
Hey! How'd the ah, basketball go?
Yeah, he's head of the department.
Okay, seriously, what do you think?
The big book of childrens' names.
Oh great! What, you brought Joey?
Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!
Is that-are you saying yes? Is that yes?
They make you take an oath?
All right everyone, lift! And slide!!
Hey, how are you holding up?
I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!
Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
Really? Its not just frowned upon?
Okay, I'll see you later pal.
I want to take my tongue... and...
And here's little Ben nodding off...
Ohh, I just like the smell. Mmmm.
Wha-, you have a phone in here?
You were trying to eat it!
Dude! How-how did you write this?
Kiwi? Kiwi? I thought it was a key lime pie.
I don't know, but-but look how shiny!
Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
That's all you're basing this on?
Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.
Nono, that would be me again.
It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Are you're hands still wet?
You're welcome for a delicious dinner.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
Hi, did you order some bananas?
No, come on don't start. Ouch!
Yeah, well, he's a baby not a bomb.
Hi! Hi! Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler?
Oh my God! Rach-Rach, are-are-are you sure?
Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead.
What's wrong with being the Bings?
It's a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!
How, how, um how can you not be going?
I don't know. What's in this pie?
We'd like to close our accounts.
Nothing, I'm-I'm just, I'm so comfortable with you!
We'll be starting with apples.
We fell asleep! That is all.
Of course it's your friend Tanya.
It's not something you are! It's something you have!
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
Stupid balls are in the way.
Look at you! You're up!
Yeah, no one talks like that!
Okay. But not about this!
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Yes, it's a deadly but beautiful sport.
Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.
I can't believe no one believes me!
It's Gandolf, and he's not coming.
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
And on your anniversary, for shame!
How did he do this?
Well just hold him like you'd hold a football.
Hey, don't we have to...
Come on, don't do this.
Hey, do you have any gum?
I am gonna see her again.
There was never a good time.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Yeah. He could row like a viking.
Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
I went to Egypt with my dad.
I hope Ben has a little sister.
All right. I think it was a mouse.
I'm never gonna find love again.
I can't believe he didn't come!
So, uh, how's she doing?
I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
No, I can't get it out.
Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
Oh God, here we go!
You mean, we-you and me?
Well you sure used a large font.
So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?
Dude, that reverse lay-up! Oh...
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
All right, I'll do it.
We uh, we just cooked it up.
I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
How come? Everybody else does.
It uhh, it won't go back.
Ohh, these are pretty good.
So, what's going on now?
So I'm gonna take off then!
If only he were a woman.
Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Oh, no, I didn't mean, uh...
That guy, he burns me up.
He gave me a pill for it.
You're kid's name is Raymond!
I'm sorry I'm late, did I miss anything?
Great, how did it go?
Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!
Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.
So you do know a little English.
I know. My arm is killing me.
Okay. Um, how about these?
No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.
Thanks. What photo album was it?
I could, yeah, I can do that.
I could, yeah, I can do that.
It's alright, it's no big deal.
Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
Y'know, you're right. Thank you.
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y...
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-
No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Just go for it Chandler.
You know the song! Sing along!
You know the song! Sing along!
Have a good time. Ok, Ben.
Oh really! Why is that?
I don't want to do that.
Yeah, okay you're right.
..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-
Wow! I could've died tonight.
And it can't be Joey.
Okay, that's great. No, I'm- Oh.
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
Alright. : Your money's mine, Green.
There we go. All better.
Monica said that did she?
Actually, no, we're not.
He does not look happy.
And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle?
Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
Y'know what would cheer you up?
I'm getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!
Oh, sorry we didn't know.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
I sort've already asked Chandler.
Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.
Let me see! Show them!
It's a little early to be drinkin'.
Mon, look who I ran into!
I'm not going to do that.
Oh come on, not again.
I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
Well then, what is it?!
...How long was I in there?
How about all the way.
A lesson in the importance of unagi.
I don't know what to say.
And that's not against your oath?!
Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.
Some of your old stuff.
No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
What? Oh, okay. Wait here.
So really, what'd ya have?
Man! They cannot get enough!
She's not even here yet.
All right, there you go!
Yeah, but don't you think....
Ohh! That would be great.
Hey, I've been married 3 times
She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
Yes! We're getting married?!
No, we can go to Williamsburg.
Well, these. These are yours right here.
So that's two of my wives.
Yeah, I think she looks good.
I gotta go make a fake Ben.
Yeah. What do you think.
Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!
Well, what about me?! I'm a medical marvel!!
Nothing I do means anything, really.
This is the coolest house ever!!
Oh.. you don't get it!
Kinda... spooky without any lights.
Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
Hey, remember when I had a monkey?
Yeah, I want my money back.
Why? Why can't you go to him?
Yeah, they don't like you.
Well you need 60% to pass...
What? Great, now I'm having a baby.
Because it's breast milk. It's gross.
Please tell me you're joking.
I can't believe that didn't work!
Well, Ben would be there.
Four letters: "Circle or hoop".
Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?
Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Okay, why are you here?
What you got over there? Tacos?
What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?
Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
Okay, break-up's still on!
We can't do it again.
You, you sure you need shoes? Okay.
What am I going to do?
Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
I-I had to show Chandler something?
Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
Ohh, yeah I already have one.
All right, see you guys.
Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
That's fine, I'll just wait!
Oh that is so great! That's...
I think that would be best.
It was my first time.
And, uh, and then I kissed her.
And that's Phoebe over there!
Two! I've been engaged twice!
You got ink on your lip.
I have a bone to pick with you.
No? What happened, big guy?
Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
Still thinking about it huh?
Hey! You were so right!
My mommies love me. That's clever.
Remember? You-you were eating pizza.
Yes! My baby's finally free!
Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.
Besides, there's a big age difference.
Yes! Ben learned a little trick.
How could you tell her?!
No, no, they will. I just... uh...
Then don't do that, alright?
Let's also get a hot plate!
Yeah, you didn't get one.
Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol.
That's it, your doing great.
Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.
I was thinking more like a hundred.
Rachel, this is your apartment.
Oh yeah! Wasn't she uh...
You don't have to shout everything.
It's from Ross, it's a love bug.
Hey, save us some pizza.
There are naked ladies there too.
Well, they're not mine!
Because there are naked ladies there.
Yeah, yeah. It wasn't every morning.
I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten.
Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
Actually, it looks really good.
Actually, it looks really good.
What's up with the greed Joe?
Hey. Oh, I'm sorry, this is Cailin.
You-you-you-you threw my sandwich away!
You-you-you-you threw my sandwich away!
Eh? We'll show him!
Again, it's not that he...
Do you want me too?
I'm familiar with his work, yes...
Are you into crafts at all?
She already lives in London.
Carol, what's the matter? What happened?
Oh my God, you guys!!
Why did you do that?
Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
No. It's the one he's licking.
That is so made up!
I cannot sleep in a public place.
I made fun of his accent.
And we didn't have sex.
He's coming here for Thanksgiving!
No! No! It's wrong! It's-it's-it's naughty. It's taboo.
Oh my God, what happened?
Oh come on! That's-that's... true.
My fault?! You threatened the judge!
Wh-what did he say?!
No, but it is frowned upon.
Oh. What's wrong with Ross?
What are you doing here?!
Now umm, remember I'm still learning.
Well, that's cool. So did...
Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.
So we're a little late.
Wow, hello! You look great!
Look, they must be stopped!
Wh-Hey-Whoa-whoa, where, where you going?!
It's still looks pretty far!
This is weird for me!
Please don't say naked chicks.
Yeah, all right, it's a date.
Yes, you can, very much.
Yes, you can, very much.
A lot of other gas smells...
I don't know, I-I was all high.
What are you guys doing?
This place is really beautiful!
No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.
Oh, it's not the ideal way...
I want to go to the bathroom.
No, these are my pants.
Hey, uh, you can ignore that.
Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a...
That's right! Wait no, Ben.
Sure, what do you got?
Hey, where'd you get that?
I'm a professor here uh, Ross...Geller.
Ah, what good are you.
Phoebe, why'd you do it?
OK, I need to lie down.
Thanks. I-I think I'm dying. I really do.
Great, great, and I miss that too, I miss everything.
Phoebe, what are you doing?
Hey! I just heard. What's up?
No, because your not upset.
Whoa! You had sex today?
What's wrong with this year?
I played bad on purpose guys.
Uh, hello, it's third down.
Joey, we just saw it!
You like that do ya?
Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out.
What, uh... what were you thinking?
Oh my God! Rachel Green?
What'd you do, take him whaling?
Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
Okay. So we're, we're good?
So this is your office?
We're looking into it.
Dude, we got to talk.
Alright you kids, bye now.
I'm gonna pay for that tonight.
You tell them to wait!
You tell them to wait!
And thank you, for that.
What-what-what the-how da-how did-what the-how did-what?!
You should get some sleep.
Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
Well, you can help me!
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Can I see you for a second?
Hey, you guys! Guess what?
And they knew about it?
Try telling my wife that.
I'm pretty sure that it is...
Ah-ha, nowhere to run!
Ohh, it was the best!
Ok, here, here. There we go.
'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!
All right, here's the ring.
It gives it a nice antiquey look.
What the hell are doing?!!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Where exactly is your zoo?
Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben's asleep.
Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!
It'll be okay Joe.
Just a sandwich. Turkey, a little mustard...
Pheebs, what are you doing?
I dunno, there's just something about...
I just asked that girl out.
No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-
Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Emily's cousin kicked me out!
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
What?! Chandler she's our cousin!
Heavy thing, not getting lighter!
Well...In-in case of emergency.
Rach, I got a message from you.
I don't know if it's true.
How might you be wrong?
Then be supportive like a guy.
What's that supposed to mean?
Okay, gimme my monkey back.
So what, we just sit?
Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
We-we-we-I remember being in a chapel.
Okay, Monica: Right foot red.
Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
Why did you hate me?
Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.
Yeah, like I could lose it.
Well, John McLane had plans!
All right, see you later.
I think we proved our point.
Sure, do whatever you want.
Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.
I can't believe this is happening.
Although I was married to her.
Oh! So-so seriously, what time?
Actually, it wasn't that close.
I've been back and forth.
Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
You have to respect the sea!
Hey! Are you ready yet?
Is-isn't it the best?
You can live with me.
You gotta hear this story.
But-but, Liam's on my team.
Do you know the word crapweasel?
D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?
Stop saying, "Blood" to strangers.
That was 14 hours ago.
We'll give you Janice.
Well I uh, I skipped forth grade.
Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Thanks. You ready to go?
Hey, Phoebs, how'd it go.
Y'know, he hums when he pees!
Wait! It was my plan.
Why aren't you guys dressed?
What the hell was that?!
Can I, can I help you with something?
I love it, when we share.
That is what the thing is.
Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.
What difference does that make?!
So, for the whole weekend?
Just, just say what you feel.
All right. All right, I'll do it.
Was your basket on top?
Yeah! Good for you Joe!
It's okay man, be strong.
Joey, Homo Sapiens are people.
Is it? Feels like two.
Helen Geller? I don't think so.
Okay, I'm working on my flirting.
What, it's not your fault.
It's a legitimate learning technique. Wow!
All right. All right, I'm gonna do it!
Can't we just use a pen?
First of all, I'm not losing...
Somewhere maybe along the equator?
Why is it inside out?!
He finally asked you out?
Ohh! Thank you! I like mail.
Oh, thank you. Hey, hey. Rachel!!!!
Oh, thank you. Hey, hey. Rachel!!!!
Oh Mon, I laughed so hard...
Well, he had gravity boots.
Well what is it? Is it a mole?
Why-why would I care about that?
Still doing the screening thing?
You're right, you're right, it is.
Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
It's also a sign of friendship.
Dr. Green. How are you?
Damn, I forgot you were here.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Oh, I see, so everybody wins.
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
Okay, you wanna play rough, we can play rough.
Dude, what are you doing?
I know! Don't switch hands, okay?
Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.
No, no, no, no, no, no, not out of that, not out of clothes.
Done! With time a-to-spare.
Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it?
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five.
You are way off, pal.
Order a pizza like, 'I forgive you?'
Celebrities I'm allowed to sleep with.
She's not- past, she's present, she's back.
Events from around the globe.
I'll get it! I will get that!
So why don't you quit?
Right. Okay, let's play. Let's go.
You can totally, totally live on this.
It's my new apothecary table!
Oh, but-but I can't do it.
I really wish that you wouldn't.
Right. No biggie. Stay loose.
Baking it didn't help, huh?
And it works both ways.
Hi. Sorry Im late. Wheres, wheres Carol?
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Hmm? Oh, a student I don't know.
Whew! That was a brisk ride!
These-these are beads of joy.
Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect.
Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
What's the matter? You okay?
Ohh, here's that Macadamia nut!
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
You told her before you told us?
Ok, got the vent open.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.
We're rehearsing a Greek play.
The physical act of love.
You slept with my sister?
Rachel!! Wow! You, uh, you look, wow!
Why? Did you write it?
Oh, it was, nah, well....
Did you really hear a bear?
I... ahem... I really don't think so.
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.
You wanna watch Laverne y Shirley?
Who the hell is Jordie?
Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.
Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rach.
What? I can't cancel on Joan!
That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
Yeah, yeah you have the ring?
So-so come! Why don't you come?
It does. It really and truly does.
Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
He didn't get the goggles!
What's the part, Anti-man?
Why- why are you here, Carol?
Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
I can't believe you hated me.
You are, you're welling up.
What? You forgot fourteen states?
hey, fella! How you doing?
What?! You totally get embarrassed!
C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
You really serve people sneezers?
When, when were you... under me?
Hey, you wet my pants!
Why- why- why would he need a blade?
You had fantasies about Emily?
Well, can you blame her?
You complete me kitchen, matey!
Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.
On account of my rage.
Look, look I'm sorry. It's just that....
Oh for cryin' out loud!
Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.
Okay. Well, you be careful.
Okay, you go grab it!
Oh, I'll-I'll come hug you.
So, can you trust me?
Why would I tell him?
No. No-no. No. What would you do next?
No, we're not.
No, we're not!!
I, uh, I'll go see.
Happy New Year, Pheebs!
Are we really in Montreal?!
Thanks, man, big help.
You don't believe in evolution?
I think he can be.
Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
Yes, very nice Rachel.
No, 10 is the highest.
Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?
Oh just say it Kyle!
Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! Huh, am I having a boy?
What, to blind my child?
Okay, she can't go.
Why are they here?
Wow! Happy Monica's night!
Hi. She said yes.
Yes. Yes. Just here and there .
Ni-chou chi-ma!
Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
And what is second prize?
Oh man, this is hilarious.
It's okay. Come, come on in.
So, what? That's it?
Come on, let's go!
Going out with who?
Now, we'll see.
Sure, sweepin'. You never know.
Wow! You-you look great!
I don't see why not.
Hey, come on in.
Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
No, they're not.
You were at the coffeehouse!
What? That's like insanely easy!
Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.
No, that's all right.
What're you talkin' about?
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We're not 13 anymore.
That! Let's talk about that.
Well, the lighting was okay.
So, uh, he's back.
Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
There you go. Thank you!
There's other stuff too.
What's that on the bottom?
What's she look like?
Could you be less enthused?
Well I, I don't know. Why?
Thanks again, Dr. Green.
I mean after tomorrow night.
Yes, and the dimmer switch.
Wh- are you welling up?
Man, I sure miss Julie.
Come on, tell me.
Hey, is Chandler here?
I'll be right down.
Yeah, I'll take some.
Oh, yeah, why not?
Oh yeah, why not?
Oh yeah, why not?
Hi, is Rachel there?
Ok, Mom never hit.
Yeah, it really was!
Yeah, take your time.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, what's going on?
One, two, three, four!
So uh, where's Monica?
You're not his godfather.
Yeah, what's going on?
Oh my God. I mean...
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
59 seconds. Quartz, ha.
Yeah? How'd it go?
So how'd it go?
Hey! It's starting to snow.
I'm having... I'm having a baby. I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?
Oh, you and me?
Really? That okay, that's great.
I don't know Rachel, why?
Wh-haa-haa! Look what 'cha did!
Not on you! On the stripper!
How'd did it go?
That would be no.
We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.
All right. Feel good?
Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?
Catch any big fish?
Yes, yes it is. In prison!
Okay, I think I got it.
Oh, I'll have some!
That would be me.
Oh, now you want a favour?
What guys? Oh, yeah.
What? Let me see.
Come on. I got it.
Alright boys, let's eat.
I can't think of anything.
Oh my God! Monica!
So what's it shaped like?
One more day, seriously/
Ohh, I don't think so.
Oh, it's my new beeper.
Come on! That's great.
That would be great.
Of Ross and Rachel.
Oh, this is Monica.
Hey, how's it going?
Is that what I want?
When did I say that?
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
I thought that was just a rumour.
No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
No! No! That's-that's time-out!
Le Poo's still alive?!
Nooo, but it, but it's great.
They have another guess.
Real magic does exist.
Calm down, I'm blow drying.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Uh-huh, I see that.
No you're not.
So, we're off.
Tell me about it.
You got me a cola drink?
Yeah, you're right.
C'mon kid, let's go.
Is uh, is Monica here?
You're nose is bleeding!
Okay, okay, I'll go first.
I just wanna check something.
Hey, you're right.
Hey, you're right.
With you?! Yeah right!
What was with the dishes?
Are you all right?
What are you, what are you doing?
Hi. Where is everybody?
What-what is love really?
Yes it is. See.
You can't do that!
I would never do that!
Come on, two on one.
Hey everybody! Happy Thanksgiving!
And his first name.
Yeah, can't help but.
Huh. This is nice.
I'm going to do it.
Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Well, Mon, I was married.
Yeah. What-what should I do?
Okay, see ya later.
Yeah, which was nice.
Well, there you go.
Sure! Ooh-ooh, what about this?
Do you like it?
Oh, I am very in.
No-no, he's, he's very docile.
She does want to.
Neil Sedaka wears them.
C'mon, what's his name?
...will be two months...
That would be nice.
It was, it was her voice.
Everything okay in there?
Well that I can believe.
And that's, that's funny why?
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
She seems really, really fun!
You like it right?
What's her last name?
Oh yeah, I'd love that.
Ohh! A man with a plan!
I'm-I'm Ross by the way.
No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
I'll make some calls.
How's my little boy?
Women really want this?
In this life, Phoebe.
What am I looking at?
What?! Over a stupid room!
I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.
Yeah, what, what was I thinking?
We were on a break!
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Who cares? I repel women.
Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
I'll take that dad.
Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.
Dude, we were good!
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
I'm getting married, to..day!!
Eh-wh-Excuse me?
I get it! Well, that's that.
I get it! Well, that's that.
No-no. It's-it's me, Ross!
OK. I'm in my apartment...
I gotta get to work.
They're not a couple!
Oh, I love that guy!
His daughter was hot.
I'm sorry, I was an idiot.
With such a sad history.
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
They put that in.
Alright, I want my monkey.
15? Your personal best!
Thanks for being born.
Is there somebody else?
So Joey, you okay?
Oh, she isn't home.
This is not fun!
What did you get?
Hey, someone order a coat?
...Now that was fun.
...But a man can change.
I don't know you guys.
Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Oh I a lot of stuff!
I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?
Ah, that's okay, thanks.
Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
Huh? Oh, I got this--this!
I-I, did that for you.
Oh, okay. What-what about?
No! You let go!
We're not done.
So you were right?
Come on, it's fun!
It so does not!!!
Oh, I kinda was, wasn't I?
Which one was that?
Does it always, uh--?
You're livin' the dream.
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you.
Oh, somebody's feeling better.
C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.
Over my dead body!
He's taking her purse!
Looks like a fun gang.
Looks like a fun gang.
She's doing her laundry.
You are? Me, too!
...everyone, this is Chandler!
Did you say something?
Can I use.. either thumb?
No, no, don't. Why don't we?
No, I-I'm saying I liked her.
No, no, let me finish.
You really didn't know?
Oh, you've tasted it.
She may have died.
Chandler. I sensed it was you.
You take your time.
Slides are almost ready.
Yeah, make that three.
Excuse me ladies. I'm sorry?
This is my wedding.
I'm gonna be on TV!!
Dude, what am I gonna...
Um, just some presents.
You're over me?
You're over me?
She looks so small.
Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
Move in with me.
How hot is this?!
We need more cards.
Doctor Burke is sexy?
Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.
From you? Yes, please!
Of course, what happened?
No problem, ok, mmmwa oh, mmmwa Susan...
Everything? Even the TV?
I did not freak out.
Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.
Oh no, not yet.
Gimme back my monkey.
OK. Hold my board.
Good, 'cause I love you.
Then tell him quickly.
Umm, she kissed me.
Yeah, that'd be cool!
So were you in Nam?
Great to see you!
What kind of problem?
No. I'm saying it's now.
I will give you a call.
A basket of mini-muffins.
Honey, I love you too.
Okay, okay, what's going on?
Uh, oh-ho bye.
And that's funny, why?
Show them to me!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
No, you let me fini...
What're you doing?
Let's give it a shot.
Why am I not surprised?
Uh, I don't know, whatever.
Sure. I'll help you.
Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
I guess it's worth a try.
We're not alone.
Well, I guess that's it.
How sad are we?
Hey-hey, what are those?
No no, you're fine, you're fine.
Uhh, those are tacos.
Phoebe that's not true.
No, I've looked everywhere!
No, I've looked everywhere!
He looks so tiny.
What? Is it the comet?
My marriage is over.
You still love me?
You still love me.
You still love me?
There was no song. There was no song!
We've got presents!
Okay, wish me luck.
Because, because I've got Ben.
Here's your girlfriend's button.
No, but, your-your mad.
What dog? There-there's no dog here.
And he's, he's a total stranger?
Im gonna be a father.
....I have to go to China.
You look pretty tonight.
I want my turkey now!
Well, I'm off to Carol's.
Hey, tell Dan, 'Thanks.'
Well? Isn't that amazing?
I'm gonna call after you!
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Oh, I hate this story.
Everyone, this is Julie.
You did it, man.
No, but it's-it's-it's hot!
You still on that?
I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
Monica? You're Mom.
Y'know I have dinner plans!!
What-what do you mean?
Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!
Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!
No! Hey! Hey! We can't!
It's an empty apartment.
No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's
We already knew that!
What, uh... what juggling thing?
Only way to fly.
People can hear you.
Cannot feel my tounge.
C'mon, it's my birthday.
Pheebs, what about you?
Is this about Mark?
Is this about Mark?
Is this about Mark?
Yeah, we went shopping!
A little. Yeah. I made a snack.
It was just a kiss.
OK, tip the man.
Actually, nectarines, but basically...
No, no, I'm serious. Thank you.
What's going on?! That's what's going on!!
Dude! That's my sister!
Okay! You take care!
You wanna buy a car?
I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.
Correct, his profession was?
What happened you guys?
How is that important?
Oh, forget it, okay?
Who's drink can I freshen?
Relax, I'll fix it.
Obviously not to Joey.
Hey, what's goin' on?
They published my paper.
Sweetie, now I pick you.
It wasn't the best.
Doing great! Yes-yes-yes! Take control! Yes!
Try the bottom one.
Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
Oh my God. Congratulations.
All right. Uhh, international.
Well, that makes sense.
I have an oily T-zone!
Hi, Julie. Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
You called Animal Control?
No! That's-that's my arm!
Home is Home Star stew.
It was a dry day.
Flip me for it? No, no, no... heads, heads, heads!
Take thee, Rachel... Emily. Emily.
Take thee, Rachel... Emily. Emily.
What? What's on your shoulder?
That's funny. Umm.... It's not funny.
You take care Jill.
Oh, hey, hey, I got that.
You remember Janice, right?
Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
So uhh, you ready?
Yes. Yes! Please, come in.
That cup is mine!
Well, I'm gonna kiss you.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Yeah that's the same.
Gimme the bottle. Gimme the towel.
So I nodded off a little.
What, the word hi?
What are you saying?
Hans...Hans...Yo evil twin.
Well, I said it loud.
Umm, your boxes are umm...
Well, I don't know.... huh-huh.... but I'm hoping huh-huh.
Why, why, why would you dream that?
Ohh, it's Joey! I love Joey!
It's, uh... it's endearing, really.
No, no, no, this weekend guys!
Uh... to the bathroom.
I'm in for fifty cents.
I didn't get the annulment.
I didn't get the annulment.
Hey, it's my list.
You took my watch?
Yeah, yeah, what is it?
Hello to the rest.
Yeah, of course, Donald.
I can handle the stick!!
What? It's, it's just a phase.
Oh. Hey, who's Carl?
Okay, have fun! Wooo!!
I wasn't talking to you.
Dude, you are sick.
Aww, is it broken?
Which one is Gina?
Do not rush me!!
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
In the death seat?!!
The test is ready.
You are totally jealous.
I was thinkin' about it.
Well, not playing raquetball!
Do you have a point?
I don't know, something girlie.
Wha-, oh, quit it.
Okay, quick and painful.
You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Don't blame the questions!
Don't toy with me.
What kind of research?
All right, try pedaling.
GIVE ME MY PUCK!!
It tastes like feet!
No, I, I only know Lipson.
But it absolutely didn't. It didn't!! It didn't!!
But it absolutely didn't. It didn't!! It didn't!!
Dude, what'd you have?
At the coffeehouse, right.
It hurts my teeth.
Why are you laughing?
Umm, it's Cutie McPretty.
Why?! Why on the lips?!
I'm gonna use the cushion.
Maybe it's a universal thing?
Can I ask you somethin'?
It's just a fur ball.
Oh, that's great, that is great!
Oh, I missed you too.
That's what I'm telling you.
You talked to her?
No, you started it.
You and your ice.
You ate my sandwich?
You ate my sandwich?
Gentlemen, you're pick.
Okay, hold my crawler.
That word was swans.
Monica, I'm cutting you off.
Rachel. Rachel Rachel. I love you the most.
"...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
Uh yeah, I guess-Yeah! I guess so.
Oh, hey Aunt Millie.
No! I balanced my checkbook.
I got itI'm getting it!
Not at the concert.
How'd the callback go?
Yeah, I recognize the ankles!
You're not laughing.
Hey! It's 42-21!
You wanna explain that?
Geez! Are you ready?
What?! Give-give me a brush.
Can't do it, can you?
Okay, it's not a contest.
That is so unfair!
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.
Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel?
Oh no! An asteroid!
I'm so proud of you.
No thank you for... Thank you.
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's with the tackling?
You were in a porno?
You've sentenced him?!
Nobody likes change.
Nobody likes change.
I am sorry, Chandler.
...desperate, needy, pathetic?
73! 72! 71!
Divorced men's club.
What is this?!
Oh, we just...
It was you, pal.
Well, I don't know.
Okay, forward. Forward-Stop! Okay, back-Stop! Okay, forward-Stop! Stop! Stop!
Okay, good-good for you.
Long story, honey.
What is that?
We're here!
What?! I wh-, what's wrong?
Need some help?
Hey, what's this?!
Again, very sorry.
Okay, here I go.
And so do I.
Oh, that's me.
Pretty cool, huh?
Come on! Here.
Come on! Here.
What is it?
What is it?
Really?! We are?
Something about hi.
Is that so?
Well, now I do!!
There he is!!
C'mon, tell us.
I've had better.
That's, that's funny. Change!
Yeah, it is.
Pretty soon I guess.
Pretty soon I guess.
Just, y'know out.
Come on, Chandler.
...since I stopped trying.
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Your not going.
Look at me!
Joey's not going.
Your make-up!
Meth-methane smells...
Hi. Mom. Dad.
All right then.
I mean my God...
We're good.
Good, so do I
Not so good.
I can do that.
I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Okay, okay take a guess.
Hey Chandler. Monica!
She's not Rachel.
I bet two dollars.
Fine. I'll go.
Okay, let's go!
Okay, let's go.
2 hours, 27 minutes.
Hey! What's up?
Hey! What's up?
I'm having a son. Um...
I'm gonna call her.
We're sorry.
Ahh, whoo-hoo!!
Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Wait a minute, look.
It's all right.
This is Ross?
My God Monica!!
What's with her?
Let's show 'em.
I know, why not?
I know, why not?
Hey, where's Chandler?
So, I'll umm...
No. Now maybe.
Chandler's gone again!
Sure. Why not?
Oh, come on!
You've tasted it? You've tasted it.
Yes, tell me.
The head, the head. You gotta...
Where ya goin'?
I am so sorry.
Electrifying. Emphatic time-time-time...
There it is.
It's right there!
What? Why not?
I'm gonna tell Mom.
I am your friend.
Nope! Something else.
I'm not a nice guy.
Oh God, no.
Hey, here's a thought.
Yeah? How much?
It really was!
It really was.
Oh my God.
Oh my God..
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
OH...MY...GOD!!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God.
Your good friend?
Get the what?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
What's going on?
Yeah, but wait...
Unagi. I'm always aware.
Yeah, that's her.
Well ah, actually...
Yeah, me too.
Yes! Santa's coming!
Wow, that's-that's-that's incredible.
How could I forget?
That's, that's nice twice!
What?! How's that?
Where is she?
Well, hello Rachel!
You-you had what?
You, you go long.
That'd be good...
That was good.
I'll get it.
People need juice!
Yeah! Got it!
Yeah! Got it!
Well hello! I'm Ross!
Oh, who? Me?
No, I will not!
No-no-no! It's mine! It's-it's mine.
Hi, Mrs. Green.
I don't know, umm...
Hey, thanks Rach.
And uh, Rachel.
Oh, Rachel, I'm-I'm sorry.
What's-what's going on?
Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
Give me two.
This is-you-
I can't believe this.
I can't believe this!!
Okay, I gotta go.
Did I, did I even treat?
Really? That's great!
Okay, good bye!
FINE BY ME!!
FINE BY ME!!
FINE BY ME!!
Gas? Wow! Intense.
She said what?
Just please stop!
About four hours.
Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
How's it going?
I think Chandler's gone.
All right, bye!
Oh, thank God!
Hi! It's me.
Not nice enough.
You get the dollhouse.
Yes that's right.
Oh, you're...
What am I doing?
We're fine, we're fine.
I would say that.
Well, you just...
Sure, what's up?
What big thing?
Ok, dinner's on.
Also an island.
I didn't get a cat.
G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
Monica did it?
No, not you.
Not all bad.
No, you don't.
No you don't.
Is everything ok?
Please be kidding.
Monica! Would it?
All the time?
Well, start looking.
Okay, that's, that's enough.
Huh, I'm just saying...
It's ok. I'm sorry.
I didn't order lemonade.
Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
You're on!
You're right!
That was you?
Show me where?
Okay. This stuff?
OK, here goes.
Hello! Oh, sorry.
Okay Rach, but...
How 'bout Ben?
You all right?
All right, ready?
I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Oh, thanks, Pheebs!
But, you are.
Probably around gonorrhea.
200 at least.
You're the twinkie?
One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi, switch! Switch! Switch!!
May I come in?
Yeah, yeah, she's here.
Hi Frannie, congratulations.
Ahh, no, I'm good.
Good evening officer.
What happened? Joey?
You like it?
You like it?
OK, now I'm nervous.
Hey. Happy Thanksgiving!
Who's your roommate?
Eat your fish.
No, no, we won't.
I can't catch a break!
Whoa, sorry Tommy.
Ohh, what's wrong?!
what's up, Dad?
Here you go.
Here you go.
There you go.
How are you?
Okay. Sometimes I feel...
You're not a lefty?
That's too bad.
Susan, go deep.
Eh, no problem.
Well, last weekend...
How about you?
I guess it could.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Awww, man! Really?
Mon, Mon, are you OK?
Is everything okay?
Is everything okay?
You got me.
Okay, good luck
No, that's fine.
It's the-Chandler!!
No, not a problem.
Good for you.
Good for you.
You're good.
She, she was different.
She, she was different.
Buddy, my monkey?
Nono, she's gone.
You'll see.
It is off.
Come on, seriously.
It does not!
Dr. Franzblau, hi.
It was, it was okay.
I'll take sports.
No, no he's not.
Hey, you guys.
Hey you guys.
Aww, come on.
My wife's a lesbian.
Yeah, no problem.
He left that.
Ross, wants a pajmena?
That's not bad.
You mean that?
Monica. Whaddya think?
I am a good kisser.
Hey, Fun Bobby!
Oh, no no, I am.
I'm reading your ad.
No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
You got it.
You got it.
OK, now, sit. OK.
It could happen.
Because it's weird!
Men. I guy I know.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?
You're back.
Cheater, cheater, compulsive eater.
Oh that's nice.
Oh! That's nice.
What?! What?! Talking about what?!
Are you OK?
...Gets interrupted. Hi!
Would it matter?
No, no-no, Ross Geller.
Oh hey, hey Mark.
How you doing?
I think, sub-consciously...
Whad'ya mean?
My uncle Marcel.
No! No we don't!
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
What'd you say?
Oh! Ah. Aw!
You do, huh?
Now she's passed.
Just, just, just pick one!
: Joey, I'm a little shy.
Yeah, she's fired.
Wha, uhh, what?
Wh-what's up?
Whaddya got there?
What? Your-your list?
I will, I will find him.
Alright, shall we?
Thanks you guys.
Okay, I'm the baby.
Stopped for a Chunky.
Are you sure?
Are you sure?
What do I do now?
I like this song.
Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
What, what is it?
What-what is it?!
What was, what was that?
This is beautiful!
Hmm? Oh, yeah.
My apothecary table!!!
Ohh! Thank you.
That's no problem.
And, I love you!!
And, I love you!!
Technically, huh, no.
Here, go nuts.
Oh you do, do you?
That's a good point.
That's a good point.
Not broad backed!
Okay. Hut! Hike!
How's the hair?
I just grabbed a spoon.
No thanks. I'm 29.
I was just leaving.
You told her!
Look I told you...
That was different!
The Geller Cup.
Yeah, losers talk!
Here it comes.
Okay, it's coffee.
Yeah! Se vice?
Althea is correct.
Yeah, Sarah, anything.
That's my sister.
Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....
Yeah, have a seat.
Hey! Hi Bonnie!
Phoebs, It's open! It's open!
It's too cold.
There's an image.
It's your turn.
...As in Mouse?
That's not true!
Monica bang! Monica bang! Ow!
Oh, who cares?
It's a great class.
You do Pheebs?
Okay! All clear!
What's-what's the difference?
Oh thank you.
That's correct. Ladies?
Department of Sanitation?
Alright, alright, ok. Bye.
You got a job?
Lift!! And slide!
I need juice! People need juice!!
Um... uh.... vulva.
What's goin' on?
What's goin' on?
In your mouth?!
No, you stop!
Oh, mine's December...
Okay sorry, whew.
What? A brain transplant?!
Happy for you.
Oh-ho, okay.
The small one.
Oh, wake up!
Will you-will you please?
Joey, uh- OMnipotent.
That's okay, Joe.
I am very...very sorry.
It's your joke.
What's wah-pah?
What? No-no, a lurker.
It's breast milk.
Oh. Hel-lo!
Oh, I was unbelievable.
And!! Isabella Rosselini.
Wha... what, here?
What a pity stay?
Wow! What a pleasure.
Yeah, well...nah.
Yeah, well...nah.
No no, that's me.
This is unbelievable.
What's the matter?
What's the matter?
You're wrong.
You're wrong.
I don't know. A month?
'Cause, I'm a stupid, stupid man.
Yep! That's hilarious!
Press the button.
Yeah? Sometimes it's...
Good for a scrud.
I'm going to China.
Well, howdya feel?
Oh, I promise, what.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
Where in Cuba?
I'm the ring bearer.
Mmm. Oh, no-
It was a hug!
Is that Mark?
Is that Mark?
I think it's insane.
Chloe, Chloe how's it coming?!!
I don't know. Soap?
Oh, hi Chloe.
Before the snap!
We?! We angered it?!
Who is Maria?
I missed you too.
About the yelling.
The screaming guy?
Are you serious?
Are you kidding?!
Are you serious?!
Are you kidding?
Are you serious?
Ah, which, which one?
You're kidding.
Okay! Hey Tommy.
I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy!
You're alone.
It's not a club.
I had a 'K'. Where's where's my 'K'?
You kissed her.
That guy Lipson?
I don't think tho.
That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. Hi Julie.
She is a kook.
Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain.
Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
At the vet.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You grow up.
Gimme the this!
It's not a library...
That's not advice!
Yeah, okay, Scott!
In the bank.
Emily? Emily? I'm coming in.
Emily? Emily? I'm coming in.
Here's my retainer!
That is correct.
Whip it out, whip it out.
Are you jealous?
That's a little clearer.
How's the maniac?
Pop it in.
Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
It's morphin time!
Argue with that.
Ohio!! Thank you!
No, it's a concept!
Oh no-no-no, I'm there.
You got a tattoo?
It's a clown kit! Clown kit!
Yes, yes, that's right...
Yes, yes, that's right...
What? That's impossible.
Hey, this- Heyy...
What's the score?
Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
I was saving you.
You bug me.
You mean hardball?
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Susan is Carols, Carols, Carols, friend...
You're bleeding.
Are you intrigued?
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
You chipped in?!
Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder!
Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.
Thank you guys-guys-guys...
Okey-dokey!
Hi guys.
Yeah. So...
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, okay.
All right.
All right!!
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right!
All right.
There y'go.
Get out.
Get out!
Awwwahuh, no, no, no!!
Yeah-No!!
Well. Hey...
Second date!
I fell asleep!
I fell asleep!
Isabella Rosselini.
What? What's wrong?
Peach pit.
Mary-Angela.
Stay away!
Is this?!
Rachel!! Monica!!
Mrs. Bing.
Me? No.
Yeah, well...
Yeah, well.
Well, yeah.
Well, yeah!
Yeah, well.
Yeah, well.
Aqui est.
Oke-dokey.
I was not!
Thanks man.
Okay! Hey!
Y'know what...
Hot dog?
Yes I am.
Us too.
Yes I would.
Multiple orgasms!
Very bad.
Challenge extended.
Hm-mmm.
Thanks a lot.
We know!
Spring vacation.
Naked friends.
Par-tay!
Look, I'm sorry.
Look, I'm sorry.
Ohhh! Kids!
That's what?!
Thanks Rach.
No but, no but.
No, but. . .
Yeah, right!
Yeah, right.
Yeah! Right!
Yeah. Right.
Much better.
Yes, I did.
Carol's pregnant.
But, okay.
"Heating device."
She was...
She was...
Thanks. OK.
Go? Why?
Toilet paper?
Bye Ben.
Challenge excepted.
Ohh... OK.
Come here.
Funny story!
Hey, there.
Ok fine.
Total wuss!
Yes! Please!
I hear ya.
I-I'm, I'm having a boy?
I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh! Yeah.
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
Oh. Yeah?
Mmm hmmm.
Ugh, museum.
Well, uh.
Happy birthday!!!
Any time.
Hi there!
Oh! No-n-
Oh, no!
Oh no.
Oh no!
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I know that!
What?! No!
Oh-oh, absolutely!
Sure. Joey...
Die Hard!!!!!!
Ah, I'm sorry.
What? What? What? What is it?
Sorry-sorry Jill.
Let go! Let go!
Oh, well...
Joey, please.
Joey, please!
Kristen Lang.
I am now.
Thank God.
Zoo dollars?
Mmm-Hmm.
Mmm-Hmm.
Bye sweetie.
200 dollars.
C'mon Rachel.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Come on.
Come on.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on!
Come on!
Come on! Come on. Come on.
It is! It is!
Same difference.
Same difference.
I'm calling Mom.
Happy too.
It's-it's hot...
Guess who?
Hey, hey Rach!
Must pee.
Good call!
C'mere, Marcel.
Good night.
Practical jokes.
Oh, fire! There, there's a fire! Fire!!
Where's Ben?
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
For what?
Hi Pheebs!
Hi, Pheebs!
That's okay.
That's okay.
Why not?
Why not?
Hello? Hi.
See ya!
I wasn't sleeping.
Buy mommy.
Uh, Phoebe...
Hi, honey.
Aw, Mom...
Over here.
Bye guys.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Hey-hey Pheebs!
Who isn't?
Oh, oh Chandler...
Dear Lord!!
Wow! Really?!
Hey! Hi!
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys.
Hey guys!
Hey, guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys!
Hey guys.
Mm-hmm..
Mm-Hmm.
This one?
Rach? Hi!
Hey, Joey.
Your what?
Like what?
Lucky sixes....
I had a problem.
Everybody smile.
No, why?
No, I'm good.
No! Why?
No, why?
Got me.
Got me.
Got me.
Got me.
God no!
150 dollars.
Umm-hmm.
Sure! Here.
Uh-oh...
My God.
My God!
My God!
Yes, I do.
Okay, guys.
No-o-o! No way!
About what?
Mmm-Unmm.
That's right!
That's right!
That's right.
Does she.
Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.
I do too! I do too!
Rachel. Hey.
Hey Rachel.
Can't wait.
Umm, no. No.
Five letters.
Susan Sarandon.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!
Em-Emily? Em-Emily? Emily!
Hey Phoebe!
She's talking.
I'd like that.
I like that.
Hi everyone.
Well umm...
Maybe not.
Monica knows.
I wasn't- I mean, I-
Uh, hello!
Yes, exactly!
What, now?
Hey man.
Hey man.
Umm, no.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Bye Janine!
A little bit.
Okay, umm...
Get married.
Oh-oh really?
Me too!
Juice, I need...
I'm kinda beat.
Neither will I.
Looking up?
I am dressed.
Yeah, huh.
Oh God.
Oh God!
Oh God!
What?! Why?
Why? What?
What?! Why?!
What-why?
Yeah, maybe.
No way.
No way!
Bye, Nana.
Two seconds...
I'm still hungry!
Well thanks!
Good luck!
Please hurry.
Open it, open in.
Um, no.
Wow! Yeah!
Get away!
Okay, sure.
Sure, okay.
Okay. Sure.
Good-good, I'm-I'm married.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah sure.
Um, yeah.
Until now.
Bye Ryan.
Umm, jealous!
Hey, Pheebs.
Hey, Pheebs!
Atta boy.
Ohh, okay.
What time?
Okay, fine!
Yeah, listen...
Hey, honey.
Or Joseph.
Er.... um.....
I got it.
Got it!
I got it!
Hi Gunther.
What thing?
Hey Rach.
Hey Rach!
Hey Rach!
Uh-hmm.
Call me!
Step back.
Who's Chip?
Hey, Mon.
Hey Mon!
Hey Mon.
Hey Mon!
Noo. Why?
Okay. Honey?
You okay?
You okay?
You okay?
I guess so.
I guess so.
That's... that's classic.
Paolo. Hi.
Yeah alright.
Go Joe!!!
That's who.
Who's that?
Who's that?
No, Rach!
Y'know-thanks!
Y'know-thanks!
An egg?
Oh man.
Shut up.
Yeah! Rach?
Hey everybody!
Hi Jill.
Hi Jill!
What? Where?
Okay dad.
For real?
Hey, I might!
Not yet.
Not yet.
Oh, I'm sure.
Nice luggage.
Hey you.
She's dating. She's dating.
Oh-oh, yeah.
Hold on.
Ah! Oh.
Okay. Cool.
Oh, thanks!
Oh thanks!
Oh, please...
It didn't.
Hey! Everyone.
Hey everyone!
Shut-out!!
Helps a little.
'Scuse us
Oh fine.
Of course.
Of course.
Excellent, that was excellent.
Okay, go left. Left! Left!
Hi Janine!
No problem.
No problem.
Na-huh.
Or that.
Hi ma.
ON A CAT??!!!!
OK. Oh, oh, oh.
Wow, Rhonda.
It's over.
Ahh, no.
Oh-ooh!
I take it.
Ah, Cheryl!
Oh, hello.
Guess what?
Go ahead.
Really?! I mean, really?!!
Oh stop.
Excuse me?
Excuse me.
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me?
Excuse me.
All yours.
Nice shades.
Whaddya see?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?!!
No kidding?
Chloe? Hi..
What, what oh....
What woman?
Mma, Mma, Mmaah
Mi-mi-mii.
Congratu!! -lations-lations.
Aw, right.
Thing, yes. Thing.
In London!
E-except, except that what?
Me either...
I whitened them.
You think?
You think?
Yep. Okay.
Oh. Uhh...
Hi Whitney.
And! Break!!
No touch! No touch!
Yeah, Susan.
Well, but, but. . .
My hands?
Lemme see.
How rude.
Happy to.
What, what's that?
Green. To the green.
Play it.
That's cool.
That's cool.
Nope, nope, that's it.
Sorry, I'm sorry. Close, close, close...
You guys.
MY SANDWICH?!!!
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
MY SANDWICH?!!!
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
Oh, whatever.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, no! No!
What the? What...
Hi Tushie.
Oh, absolutely!
Of... of what?
Err, right.
What? Ow!
What? Ow!
Gimme this.
Nuh-uh.
Uh fellas,
Found it.
No tongue.
No, 19.
Nu-uh!
I love you.
I love you.
Like buddies.
You'd wait?
Oh damn!
I am, uh, I am...
That audition.
No no no, go-
You will?!
this summer?
You sure?
Wha, what?
Wha-what?
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
No, I fold.
Yes. Yes I do.
...What shoe?
That's a duck.
And bus.
Save it.
That bitch!
Hey roomies!
The paper.
That's excellent.
With mealworms.
Oh, Judy. Oh, Judy.
No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
Hello, baby. Hello, hello.
That's romantic.
Pass it! Pass it!
It's ridiculous!
'My scones.'
No anchovies.
Mitzi is.....
What code?
Oh, what? What-what?
That's closer.
Yeah, cheerie-o!
Just a smidge.
Split it?
What trail?
What's a scrud?
Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine.
Good! That's good!
The button, the button.
What's a koondis?
The actress!
Oh, aaaah!
Oh, yumm!
Okay, bye-bye.
Oh no-no-no!
Oh-no. No. No.
Oh, sure! I'm sure.
The routine!
The volcano?
It's a rug.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
You comin'?
Ben! I mean, Ben! Ben!
Oh, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah...
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Oh no-no-no-no!
C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...
Uh.... bean! Bean!
Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah....
Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.
Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
??? Thro up a thro thro--a thro thro!
Hi.
Thanks.
Sorry.
Hi.
A wandering?
Yeah.
Goodnight.
Goodnight.
No. No.
Hi.
Pregnant?!
.....Hi.
Yeah.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yes, yes!
Quack, quack..
Marlon?!
Easy.
Well..
What?
A thumb?!
Why?
Ohhh.
Hi.
Tony?
No.
So?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
C'mon! C'mon!
Mmmm.
I do.
What?
Shhhh!
See?
Yeah?
Oh.. oh... oh.
Twice.
...Chandler!
No.
Beautiful!
Really?
Four.
Five.
Really.
No.
Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing.
When?
Please.
Right.
Okay.
Hey.
Oh...
I know-
Chandler-
Chandler-
Joey-
Wow!
Hello!
Susan...
Ooooohh!
Hey.
What?
Huh.
Ohhhh
What?
Yeah.
Hey.
Grazie.
Alright...
Ah....
Wow.
Yeah.
Sure.
I, er...
....and....
Yeah!
I know.
A little.
Sorry.
What? What? What?
Tonight.
Hey!
Hey.
What?
Who?
...Yeah.
Alright.
Hey.
Alright.
Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
I'm in.
One.
Fifteen.
Hi.
Really.
...Yeah?
Cat!
Marcel?
What? What?
Oh!
What? What? What?!
Thanks.
What?
Hi.
Yes.
College?
Huh!
Sorry.
I'm here.
Ooh, Ooh.
I'm hurt.
No.
Breathe.
Breathe.
Breathe.
Why?
But...
Help! Help!
Help!
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
No.
Hi.
I know.
I know.
Yeah.
Rach!
But...
Yeah.
What?
What?
Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Carol?
No!
What?
Hey.
Hey?
Naa.
What?
Sexy?
What?
Really?
Goodnight.
Really?
Twice.
I know.
Go.
Monica!
Whoo!
Fine.
Chandler!
Wow.
Bumpy?
Ross.
Ugh.
Tho?
Ohhh.
Ok.
Oh.
Yep.
Hopefully.
China.
Cat.
Fine.
Good.
Yeah.
Hi.
Good.
Ssshh.
Hi.
No!
No?
Hi.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Hiiiiii.
Oooooh.
Alright.
Hi.
A date.
....................Yeah.
Hi.
Ooooohhhh.
Ok.
Ok.
Yes!
Excellent!
What?
Ok.
Yeah.
Ok.
I know.
What?
Hi.
Oh.
Oh.
Hi.
Doubtful.
Oh.
Mon.
Mon.
What, what.
No.
No.
No.
Hey.
Hey.
KARL!
Rach.
I'm done.
C'mon.
Sorry.
Hi.
Yeah.
Eww.
Ohh.
OK.
I know.
Really?
What?
G'night.
Really?
Knock-knock.
Yeah.
Yeah.
C'mon.
Hey.
Hey.
No?
Woah.
What?
Huh.
Hi.
Yeah.
What?
Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Freakish.
Hhhiiii.
Hi.
What?
I know.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
No.
Hey.
Alright.
Yeah.
Really?
What?
Cool.
I know.
No. no.
Mine.
Hiii.
Marenge,
Everybody!
Nope.
Hmm?
Yeah.
What?
No.
Nope.
What?
Hey!
Okay.
Hi.
Noo!
Nooo!
Yeah?
Yes!
Okay.
Hmph.
Hey!
Really.
Hi.
Hey!
Nevermind.
What?
Yay!
No.
What?
What?
Awwww!!!
Mon?
Look, look, look.
Hey.
Noo.
Oh.
Yep.
Shoot.
What?
Crazy.
Hello.
What?
Okay.
Spiderman?
Hey.
Hey!
Okay!! Okay!!
What?
What?
Hey.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait.
Huh?
Hi.
We?
Fine.
What?
Okay!
So?
I know.
Uh.
Excellent!
Yeah.
Hmm?
Monica?
Halftime.
What?
Yeah.
Bunny!
Yeah!
Break!!
Wow!
Yeah.
Chandler! Chandler!
Yeah.
Mon?
No.
Hi!
Wow!
Hi.
Yeah.
Bummer.
No.
Hi!
Hi.
Yeah.
Why?
Okay.
What?
Hi.
Yeah.
What?
Huh.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey.
Oh.
What?!
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Good.
Oh.
Hi.
Hello.
What?
Okay.
Sure, I-I-I...
Hey.
Hi!
Yeah!!
Pepper?
Hey.
Yes.
Yeah!!
Okay.
Yeah!
Ahhhh!!
Right.
Jasmine?
Rachel?
No!!
What?
Yes.
Okay, okay, okay.
What?
Hey.
Okay.
I can.
Okay.
Okay.
I know!
Okay.
Pffhah.
Sorry.
No-no-no-no-no.
No.
Yeah, yeah.
Hi!
Still?!
Hello.
Hi.
What?!
Yes.
Petty...
Petty...
Petty...
Small...
Hey!
I would!
Ooohhhh!!
Ahhhh!!
Hi.
Hi.
Ohhhhh!
Mon?
Yeah.
Hey!
Right.
Hey!
Really?
Rach!
Rach...
Rachel...
Ohh.
Sorry.
I'm sweeping...
Sweep, sweep....
What? What?
Yep?
What?
Yowzah!!!
Look...
Okay.
Rach?
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
What?
Hi!
Good.
Yay!!
One.
Umm...
Hey.
Ahhh.
No?
Hi.
What?! What?!
Ow!!
Hey!
Hey!
Go, go, go!
No! No!
Hey!
Okay.
Oh.
Hi.
What?!
What?
G'night.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi!
Awww.
Yeah.
I know.
Okay.
Oh. Oh-oh.
Done!
I'm sorry.
Hey!
Ewwww!!
I suppose.
Yeah.
None.
I'm sorry.
Hey!
Hello.
No-no.
Hey!
Oh.
Oh!
Hi!
What?
Fine.
I know!
Huh...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey!
Pheebs...
What?
