Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
What's happening to your accent?
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
Oh, I love you too. But...
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Ooh, it's not a toy.
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
We've only known each other for six weeks!
My parents are going to be really mad.
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Nope.
Do I still call you Ross?
Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Woo-hooooo!!!!
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
That's what?!
That is neither here nor there.
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
Doctor Ross Geller.
To the Bings!
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Mm.
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Am I?!
I can't speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.
Maybe.
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
It's not a cat!
Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. A beard and a moustache. Thank you. No, she didn't think so. I know it's like anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh! Okay. Okay, thank you! Yeah, it's not coming off.
Very busy.
Right! Okay.
What?! What else did he say?
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Oh my God, what's goin' on?
They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.
Thanks Ross.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Ugh, can you believe that guy!
Yeah. I really like his glasses.
Sounds like a fun party.
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
Oh my God, how did you do that?
Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Uh-huh.
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Goodbye Geller.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Goodbye Geller.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do!
Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Because you sent away the dog!
This is ridiculous.
Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! What's the matter?
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!
All right, it won't go down any further. It's stuck.
Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Okay, London 1...
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
I will sit with you Dr. Geller.
I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Well maybe he was nervous.
It's OK, it's fine.
Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Oh dear God.
She you in the parking lot.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
But I...
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
'Cause I know what you're trying to pull here. Okay? It's not gonna work.
I'm not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.
Rach?
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Come on that's not fair! I mean you haven't even heard me play!
We have heard you play.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I'm sorry.
That's not what she said last night.
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
I couldn't even if I wanted too.
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Oh no, you're the best.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Yeah right.
OK.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
She said what?
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely.
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek...
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.
And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Why? What?
Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Well, yeah, this is the deal.
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call.
Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know?
That's funny. Who are they?
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
Are you actually saying these words?
Whoa-ho-ho! Yeah, okay.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
It was you, pal.
Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
You got all that from saline solution?
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Oh, here.
See now it feels like Christmas!
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? Hi.
Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Hang in there, it's gonna happen.
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Oh, really?
Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Jeez, what a baby.
Yeah, Ross, way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
You could drink the fat.
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Mon?
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No.
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with...girls.
Well, Chandler and I are in a bar...
Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Ross, I am a human doodle!!
Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
What's goin' on?
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
No. No-no-no-no.
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God... Come and knock on my door...
We'll be waiting for you...
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Let it be me! Let it be me!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
All right!
All right, buddy!
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Jeez, you say one thing, and...
You're going to China?
Oh, let me see!
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Well, at least you scared someone.
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!
What are you talking about?!
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Yeah.
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
What?! Which one?!
The Silly Putty! It's not so silly anymore!
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Yeah, what' going on?
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Awwww!
No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
And somebody took a shot at me!
Really?!
Because a car backfired?
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
After one class? I don't think so.
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Isn't that a kind of sushi?
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
Hey! That's the day after I stop menstruating! This isn't mine.
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?
No. Why?
Really?!
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here...
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
A sandwich?
Oh, you know what?
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Oh.
Who are these men?
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
Hey!
Hey!
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Done! With time a-to-spare.
Oooh that may be a New World's record
Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
He gave me a pill for it.
A pill?
Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
The test is ready.
Yeah! Yes!
Oh yeah!
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
...and live forever as a machine!
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
What are you crazy? That's a baby!
He should take the sack?
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Hey guys.
Hey.
Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Joan?
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
You got it.
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
You obviously can't keep away from her.
I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
Hi.
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Really?
No, I think that was the whole all.
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
No.
No?
Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
Oh so-so not really never.
Oh-ho, and mine!
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
And you knew about this?!
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
Do you want me too?
Yeah, sure?
And um, what-what is that Ross?
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
No. no.
Whad'ya mean no?
Get my glasses too.
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
What's happening to your accent?
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
So you didn't mean any of that?!
No you robot!!
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Y'know what? I don't, I don't think Phoebe really wants to come.
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
This is-you-
1 minute 50 seconds.
I'm Irish.
Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
You have a play date with a stripper?!
Man, I gotta get a kid.
Sure, is she married?
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Okay, guys.
All right! Bring it on, you...
Oh my God! Play!
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
Yeah, I do.
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
I'm listening.
See?
He broke that.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Ohhh... I'm fine.
Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Yeah!! Yeah!
Easy tiger.
So what are you going to do?
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Okay.
Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
That'd be good.
Rachel.
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Carol?
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Of course I do.
You're right. Of course you're right.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
What uh-oh?
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
Yeah, it kinda grows on you. Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Oh good.
Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to Florida for a couple weeks.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
It's all right. Sweetheart.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
Umm, it's Cutie McPretty.
Ohh that's so sweet!
Dr. Geller!
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Oh.
How's it going with her?
Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Really?
Great!
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Okay.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
Oh, now you want a favour?
Yes, please.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Wow, that's great Ross, I'm sorry we weren't more supportive before.
That you're not funny or sexy?
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Okay now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
Okay, I think I might know why my parents don't like you.
You do? Why?
What?! Why did you do that?
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
Well, who wouldn't?!
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
...is for me not to see you anymore.
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
What the hell are you doing?!
Yeah, and not a very good one.
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
What?!
Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Do you always have to bring him here?
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
No, sorry.
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
She asked-asked you out again?
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
Aren't you with that girl over there?
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
...Yeah.
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
...Yeah?
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
Okay, we'll give a call if anything comes up.
Great! Thank you very much.
Thank you.
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
I found it!
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
What's wrong with the twentieth?
Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
How can you not believe in evolution?
Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
Really? You can actually see it?
Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
What?
What?
Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.
If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
Oh yeah, no, what's that?
That would be great!
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Ah.
But-but this block is like a whole other world.
Smooth.
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Phoebe!
Yeah?
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Sure.
Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy..."
Nah.
Hey, cheer up! You're gonna see her again, right?
No-no-no, don't-don't do the accent. You've got to see her again.
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Yeah, sure.
By someone besides Monica?
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Okey-dokey!
There is not one hair on that head.
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
What?
You knew about this?
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
You could say that.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Rach, have you never done this before?
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
No.
Of course not, because you're in love with her.
What do you mean, comforted her?
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
But like how?
Yes sir.
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Did you see Betty?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Okay, okay take a guess.
The hot chicks?
Wow that's actually pretty cool.
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Hey-yeah. Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Hey Ross!
Hey!
What? Oh!
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.

Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.
Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Hey that's what all my relationships are like.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
Yeah.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
What? Is it the comet?
No! No-no. Look, there's a bug stuck in tar right here.
Y'know, there's two women dude.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
I like them a lot.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Oh come on!!
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
Uh no, they're still here but I think I'm about to leave.
Hi!
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Alrightalrightalright. There.
...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Dude, we got to talk.
Okay.
Why would I be mad?
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
So?
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
What?
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Par-tay!
That thing is not coming in here.
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
It'll be great for next weekend.
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
She laughed at you?
It's the Miracle Wax.
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!
How can I help you?
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
Ross, it's too hard.
Ross, you're like my best friend.
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.
Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
Yeah, sure.
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Well yeah, but then...
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
Well...
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
You put your fist through the wall?
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
No it's not.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Hey!
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Ross, we can handle this.
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
So it's okay to date a student.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
I did.
Yeah, maybe...
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here-but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
I did.
Yeah, maybe...
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Aaaahhhhhhh.
I'm outa here.
Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
Hi.
Hi!
That was her idea, I just gave her a nudge.
Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? This blue suit, or this brown one?
Hey!
Hey!
Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Ya know, the man's got a point.
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
We're not done.
I didn't know that.
Fine, I will.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
What?!!
No!
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Kinda. Oh my God!
Hey!
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
I think she would like that.
Thank you. We both forgive you.
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Nice!
Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
Thanks.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Never done that before.
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
It does. It really and truly does.
It so does not!!!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. Hey sisters! Wow, we really are bitches.
What the hell are you doing?!
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Ross.
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Why?
That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Little girl misses her cat. Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
Yes, we have to tell her!
Oh, but it's made her so happy.
Yeah.
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!
I totally don't know what you're talking about.
No.
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Professor Geller!
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Oh, which museum?
No, answer his.
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Get your non-believer ass outta my chair!
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
Are you yelling at me?!
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
What?!
She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
Oh my God!
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Well umm...
You've been married twice?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Oh my God! Oh my God!
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
Hi!
What is he doing here?!
No! Come on!
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Really?! I mean, really?!!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
What are you supporting?
Duh!! Christmas!
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
That is an old, Chinese woman!
He could be in disguise, y'know.
So this is your office?
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
We should help him!
I... Well, I don't think they need any help.
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Oh, I was unbelievable.
All right, Ross!
Whoa! And the... huh-huh?
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Then why are you smoking?
Well it's very unsettling.
Ah, Susan will be so pleased.
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
It's a great class.
Thanks.
Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them...
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
So it's okay to date a student.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife! Oh, I'm sorry! It's unbelievable!
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
You have a son?
Don't worry about it, I just didn't realize you were married.
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Joey!
That one will.
Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
No?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
No luck huh?
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Yeah well we should order some food then.
That sounds fair.
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.
You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?
Okay, okay.
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
Seriously?
Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Yeah, I guess.
Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
It's over.
Oh, was it awful?
I wrote you a letter.
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Aren't you with that girl over there?
I'm sorry.
No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
That really is something; that's really cool.
Howdy partner!
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Yes.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Well neither do I!
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Yes.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Well neither do I!
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
You really enjoyed yourself didn't you?
I think you've got concussion.
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.
What do we got there?
When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
How-how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!
Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time.
Ross! Come quickly! There's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
I don't know, it's just...
All right.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Now I do.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
It's laminated!
Y'know it's ironic...
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Mmm-Unmm.
Come on. I want to know.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Great!
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
What?!
Are you serious?!
You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
What thing?
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
I'm gonna do it.
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Ah! Oh.
Sooo!! Anyway...
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
She's doing her laundry.
What's that?
Oh, honey that's awful.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Yeah, no, me neither.
You still want to move in together right?
My God! These pants are burning up! Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! Are you hot?
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well.
No.
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
No way!
Oh, Rachel.
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
Yeah. Okay great. Im gonna be over here.
No, no, no!
No, yeah, Ive done that.
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Do the claws again.
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
Um, Barry.
Awwww!!
I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Why would I be mad?
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Should we do something?
Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.
I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.
I guess.
Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.
I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Not interested.
Number six: the way you smell.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
Yeah! Why?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
Where are you going?
Hello? Hello?
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Hey!
Hey...
So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Well, howdya feel?
Pretty good! I told her.
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Oh, Ross...
No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Well, we could count again.
I can't believe this is happening.
I do.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
Nothing! It's an expression.
No it's not.
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I...
Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your...
That'd be good.
Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
Okay!
There we go!
Let's go quicker.
Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
What are you, what are you doin'?
Sure will. I've uh, gotta go. Take care.
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
Aw what are you?! A detective?
Oh.
No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Isn't there any way you can keep him?
How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I've been thinking, I'm just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
This is the final boarding call for Flight 009.
Well, that' me. Here, have this. I'm only allowed one piece of carryon anyway.
Oh. Thank you.
No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he'll understand this?
You obviously haven't screwed over a lot of your friends. Which we all appreciate.
Oh, don't say that! Don't say that. That's not true. Is it?
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Ooh, this always happens.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
What happened?
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Oh my God.
I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7.
Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go.
What're you doing?
Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
What did, what did he say?
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Or 45.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
Well, it's getting late.
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Or 45.
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice.
Well, it's getting late.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Oh wow that's a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Is there a problem?
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Couldn't I just say, "This is Ross?"
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.
Oh, we were so sorry to hear about your parents splitting up, dear.
Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see.
What, what incident?
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Ohh!
I get that a lot.
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Oh. And how was the date?
Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.
That's nice.
Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.
I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!
What is it?
See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.
Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Hey!
Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is...Oh my God!!
Yeah?
Look at this.
What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Hey!
Hey!
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Whoa! And the... huh-huh?
You cuddled.
Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So... Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. A beard and a moustache. Thank you. No, she didn't think so. I know it's like anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh! Okay. Okay, thank you! Yeah, it's not coming off.
What?! What else did he say?
Ross, no! There is no way I am leaving this room looking like this!
Because! Because, it-it-it's... It'd be like you having this guitar and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don't ride it you-you're-you're killing its spirit! The bike is dying.
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
What?! Why?!
All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
Don't talk to me now!
Awww, just like his daddy.
What-what about Monica?
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
I'm sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.
At a fake game!!
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Hey, is Chandler here?
Yeah.
Right. No big deal.
No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Hey.
Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
All right. When is, when is the next flight out?
Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie!
What?! What is with everybody? It's Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they're all gonna' make fun of her, do you want that?
Dude, they're not objects.
No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
OK, now I'm nervous.
Maybe you should put it off.
I know, yeah, sorry.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
It is so good to see you!
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
It's up to you.
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
In the bank.
Anything larger back there?
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
With mealworms.
Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight?
OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he's so cheap, he'd never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough?
Yeah we are!
So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
Yeah, they're fine.
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
Hey.
Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.
Who?
Oh yeah. So umm, did you have a nickname for me?
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Joan?
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Hello! Oh, sorry.
What do you see? What do you see?
Oh, look at that.
I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!
'Cause Carol's a lesbian. And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.
Oh my God! I don't believe it! Oh, you poor bunny.
Aw! Hey, do you think that Susan person is her lover?
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
So you're really okay with this?
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
What? What?
Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Y'know, I don't see that happening?
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Pheebs...
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
Hi!
Okay, go ahead.
My God, Joey!
How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
You were gonna drink the fat.
Let's see what else he'll do!
Stop it. Stop it!
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just...
That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
No, I think you should tell them.
No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
Alright, shall we?
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
I did!
Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
Hey, it's been like three weeks!
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Okay.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.
I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Limited seating?! I am just one tiny person!
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Ross, I thought you were over this.
Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
OH.....MY.....GAWD!!
OH.....MY.....GOD!!
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Right, I've got to be off, I'll see ya. Buh-bye then.
Wow! You guys seem to be having a good time.
Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Chandler, Chandler.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
I think she's OK.
Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Then yes that is what I'm having.
Oh my God!
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
Hey!
Hey!
You got it!
That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
Okay.
Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Oh, Ross, I'm sorry. I completely ruined your evening.
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
...and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. Yes Mr. Lewis?
Okay, I'll go!
No!! You are getting married! This is all I have.
What kinda noise?
Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Already?!
I'll pick it up for you!
I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Oh.
Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Yeah!
Thanks!
Done!
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
You, you sure you need shoes? Okay.
Do I know why we're rushing?
That's so great for you guys!
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
You, you sure you need shoes? Okay.
Do I know why we're rushing?
That's so great for you guys!
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
You got it.
Okay.
What?
No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! Hi!
Ross, I'm only ringing to say stop harassing my relatives. Good-bye!
Really? About what?
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one.
At least I care about his feelings!
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
This place is really beautiful!
Yeah, I've been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma's.
Sure!
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
I think she's here.
No! Wait! Wait-wait! Ross, please!
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?
Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Hey! How'd the interview go?
Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window.
Hat, milk, got it.
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
Yeah, they're not so bad.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Is he okay in there?
He's fine!
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
Hey! Oh my God you're here, let me see your hand!!
No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
Ross! Wait!
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
People are doing it in front of my book!
I'm sorry?
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
No! No! Look-Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right?
That's a good call. Right.
Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Thanks Ross.
I went.
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Well...In-in case of emergency.
What kind of an emergency?
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
Thing, yes. Thing.
Ah, you... have the sex?
Bed?
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Wait up!
She said that?!
Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
Yeah, like you're gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
I know!
Yeah, what's your point?
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Sorry!
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
Why don't you just get a roommate?
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.
Why should we?
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
What? I can't cancel on Joan!
Why not?!
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
I was.
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
Bed?
Oh!
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me kitchen.
And it's a magnet!
Look at that!
What?!
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Hiiiiii.
Are... are you OK?
Maybe.
Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. That's not how that was supposed to come out.
Hey! How'd the interview go?
Oh, I blew it. I wouldn't of even hired me.
This is the worst Christmas ever.
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
Phoebe.
What?! What the hell?!
What?! Why?!
This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
Oh my God!
We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
No. No, you're not a loser.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
Yeah.
God, what a mess.
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.
I will sit with you Dr. Geller.
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Well I don't know umm, what if we were too tie each other up? Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
Yay! Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Like what?
I love that idea!
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
No.
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
There you go.
Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. Call Joanna. Hi.
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
I was.
Did she leave a number?
Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... threw it in the lake.
Oh yeah! Then how come you didn't get the Geller Cup?
Um, there was a Geller Cup?
And was the curse lifted?
Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
I'm gonna use the cushion.
Yeah.
Okay, the old hug and roll.
Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay, here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Oh yeah!
What?
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit.
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
Look I just thought that...
Is your finger caught in that chair?
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Really?
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Uh-hmm.
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
God, Susan is so fun!
You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
I know.
My job!
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Well, this is ironic. Of your last two boyfriends, Richard didn't want to have kids, and from the looks of it, now Pete can't.
Oh! Oh!
Wait, if that's his favourite area, why is he being so mean to it?
Ohh!!
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
Two days before Christmas? Sorry, man.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
The small one.
What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
Your work makes me sad.
Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
How you doin'? Joey Tribbiani, America.
Hello?
We don't have to.
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.
Good for you. Alrighty, next?
Im sorry, I didnt get... Susan is?
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Yep!
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye.
What's the matter Ross?
Why?
Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Yeah, we'll call that Plan B. All right?
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Hit me!
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
I'm thinking we've got a bookcase here.
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser?
Mother-Kisser... I'll shut up.
Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
Texas?
Wow! Thanks!
Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
What about Andre?
Hey.
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta.
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
I beg your pardon?
You have a son?
I'm sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y'know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Yeah, and y'know what? I don't give a tiny rat's ass.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Oh. Y'know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Well, call me if you change your mind.
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Hey!
Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
We?
Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Please don't say naked chicks.
Why not?!
That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.
The head, the head. You gotta...
Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
What do you mean?
Do you not see it?
Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Carol our sex life is-it's just not working...
Dad!!
Yay!
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?
Hey.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Ah yeah, but now it's Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.
Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?
Oh, God forbid.
Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Uh, I don't know, whatever.
I think it makes you look really dangerous.
I love both of you!
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
And uh, Rachel.
Yeah.
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Yep. Okay.
Kyle's ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Sure.
Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
We could not, would not want to wait.
Has somebody been drinking my fat?
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
Thank God.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
I'll always remember that summer, because it's when I got all of these freckles.
You? You! Want to watch Ben? Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is.
Yes, that's what I was going to ask, thank you.
Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?
Hey-hey, Ross?
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
Okay. Good one.
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
Way to be strong, man!
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.
You can watch our tape if you want.
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they're still extinct.'
A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Julia..
We agreed on Minnie.
Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to?
So listen uh, I know you and I haven't really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so...
Oh.
How was I supposed to know we'd end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
How could it not matter?!
What about all that "friends forever" stuff?
Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
China.
Meeting Julie.
Are you over me?
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
I fell asleep!
You fell asleep?!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
I fell asleep!
You fell asleep?!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
I'm sorry. But ah, hey, oh, somebody's off the phone, how 'bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.
Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
Ross you're not listening to me, I don't have time to stop.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
No, I will not cave.
Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
All right, I'll take a box of the cream filled Jesus's.
Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
Oh, put him on!
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me...
Yeah!
Well, didn't you just hear what I said?!
No listen to me! She is crazy!
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
That won't be necessary.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
No problem.
And we'll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
I think she's OK.
What?
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
It's not a cat!
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Uhh, the ball thing.
Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. No, Andr is not here. Third time today. Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it's baby time. Baby time.
All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Services? Oh, services.
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
No, it's a water balloon fight! We started it!
Who drank all the Kamikazes?
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
No?
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
That's very funny!
He's being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
Yeah. What are we getting?
Anything but stew.
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
So, for the whole weekend?
We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
You go get 'em. What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
What?
Are you crazy?!
Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
Is-isn't it the best?
Oh, it's the best! So, umm how's Monica?
Ohh, I would love too.
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
Hi!
Aren't you in my Popular Culture class?
You are so fired.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Hey Rach!
Hi!
Oh wow.
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Ready?
Uh-huh. Good luck.
It's All Relative!!
Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport.
Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!!
Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining.
Dude, you're not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport.
Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! Yes we're surprised! Who did you leave a message with?
I can't believe they-they didn't even tell us!
I can't believe I still don't know what happened to the window in the attic!
Sorry!
That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes!
What up?!
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
I can't. I keep seeing it the good way.
Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? I'm actually asking you!
Why?
What?! You can't-what did you tell her?
Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
All right, so we weren't prepared!
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy.
Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
No, let me explain! Fired!!
What?
Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!"
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Ugh!
What?! You say that to kids?!!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
That only took me an hour.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Nooo!
Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Thanks!
Oh!
Yeah! They're putting together this panel to talk about these fossils they just found in Peru and The Discovery Channel's gonna film it!
I'm gonna be on TV!!
No way!
Oh my God! Who's gonna watch that?!
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
I'm not saying you have to be Barney.
Who's Barney.
You're kidding.
I'm just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y'know? I used them as mittens, I didn't want to touch a thing in that last place.
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
How sad are we?
Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of...sexy professor vibe?
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There's a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
Really?
Not right now.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
That's easy, baggage claim.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
Hi! Sorry I'm late. Were you sleeping?
Ahh, nooo!!
You're a genius, Ross.
Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
No, no that was the first.
Keep singing! Keep singing!
I felt it!
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Yeah.
Why?!
Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
What is that?
Ross, please! My make-up!
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.
Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
What?
Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
What?
I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
Come here. Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
You all right?
Ooh, I've been better...
Oh, Ross...
Well, this was fun. Uh, we should really do it again sometime, wha'dya say? Ok. Alright so I've got him.
Ok, this could go on for a while.
We've got a cab waiting downstairs.
Tuesday.
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
No. No-no-no-no.
Really?
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Nope.
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
Great. That would be fine.
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Right...
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Right...
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
And all these people actually died?
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Well tell that to them. Oh! You can't, their dead.
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
Of... of what?
You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.
Hey, you listen.
And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It's a very big deal, there's a lot of people there I have to meet.
Well, I will go to the hospital tomorrow, it'll still be broken then.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
What do you mean?
You seem to really like her.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
What do you mean?
You seem to really like her.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Of course we'll help! Yeah! We'll be here!
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. But who cares?! Because it's all on me! That is, one big drink!
Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Okay, I need a, I need a drink!
Macadamia nut?
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
Was it really that good?
Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced!
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
What?
I'd rather not.
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
That's right.
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too comfortable.
All right!
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Hey, they're going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y'know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn't you see Personal Best?
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
No, but I'm gonna!
Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
Why are you being weird?
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok?
Hi, how's it goin?
I did.
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
You're right.
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Mon?
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding.
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
Yeah, you got a couple hours?
...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
No, it's too soon for you guys.
Yeah, you're right about that.
Maybe this should be more of a quiet game.
Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
Well, technically it seven billion years ago...
Oh no! Oh no!
Okay! Okay!
Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
Not even on page 7?
What about that circled one?
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
'Tonight' tonight?
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. All rightie, bye bye.
Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. No, Andr is not here. Third time today. Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Services? Oh, services.
Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom!
Is that so?
Yeah.
Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
What?
I don't want you to see me naked!
Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
Ohh, I don't think so.
Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
Where the hell have you been?!
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Actually that-that's not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... Y'know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend's a lesbian.
Oh. What's wrong with Ross?
Well, it's just y'know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y'know...
So, I decided I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
I was not and oh God, shh!
Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Not a good day for birds...
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Really?
But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Yeah.
That you're a liar.
Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too.
Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
I just wanted to show Monica your book.
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out.
No, no, I mean, I mean a thing on my body.
What was it?
Whoa!!!
Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
No.
All right.
She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.
Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
You called Animal Control?
Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
No! Do you wanna hear it?
Am I in it?
Hello.
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
Wait. Really?! 'Cause mine get me out of tickets.
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
Much better.
So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Yeah, little Eric.
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Hey!
Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
Oh.
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
I gave him an extremely professional massage!
He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
Because they made me.
You were fired? What're you gonna do?
In the bank.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Ross, it's going to be okay. I'm not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Really?!
Oh my God, I wrecked your baby!!
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Yeah, he broke those too.
So he likes to break stuff.
I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Hey!
Hey!
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
Really?
Really?
Thanks man.
I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
This one?
No.
You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Everything? Even the TV?
No! I'm putting that in my room.
Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
Well, he said there's definitely nothing to worry about, it's totally benign.
Well what is it?!
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
The one with the cat. I gotta go, I've got another date.
So, did you pick one yet?
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Pretty soon I guess.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Pretty soon I guess.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Ok.
Anytime you're ready.
Just aim for the bump.
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
Uh-huh.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
Really Mr. Geller, you don't have to do this.
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Hey, you guys! Guess what?
Got a job on a river boat?
Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Remember? You-you were eating pizza.
Yeah.
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
Elizabeth! Okay. Okay. I'm gonna go out this window. I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
Yeah.
Ross? Ross?
Okay!
You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins-stop it -now. What was Monica's nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Okay.
Okay.
Big fat goalie.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
December 26th, huh maybe she's Santa Clause.
Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Oh-oh, okay, okay! If you don't mind I'm gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt. You have a pleasant evening.
Oh, yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah...
yeah-yeah-yeah!!
So, you're like a zillionaire?
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
Okay? You ready?
Yeah, I... I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
I think you should drink the fat.
Yaaaay!
Oh, wait, let me get you another glass. That's been sitting out.
Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
I'll take it all.
Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?
Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
She is so great! I miss her.
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
Uh, Ross.
"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Because they'll know we've been listening.
God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
Noo.
You're kiddin'.
Oohhh.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Ooooooh.
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
What's going on?! That's what's going on!!
Ross!
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
Bye!
Bye! Ten bucks says, I never see that woman again in my life.
So what are they doing?
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Okay, if you'll excuse me, I-I'm gonna go hang out with some people who don't know the Space Mountain story.
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Yeah, definitely!
Then, I'd steer clear of Phoebe.
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.
Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
Sweetie, now I pick you.
You don't pick me! You're stuck with me!
All right people listen, I've got exactly twenty-eight minutes before I have to baste again.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
An annulment? Ross! I don't think surgery's the answer here.
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
What?
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
Well umm, y'know, I used to play.
Oh yeah, that's right, the keyboards, huh?
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
But I think we should tell her.
Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here!
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
You, you are gonna love this.
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Oooo-ooh!
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Jeez, what a baby.
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
Hey!
Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?
Oh, hey!
No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
Thank you.
Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Hey!
Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says...
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
Huh.
Hey Chandler!
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me?
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
That's not funny.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
Technically, huh, no.
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
What line?
All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
So what are you guys going to do?
And he's not speaking metaphorically.
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
Oh, I kinda was, wasn't I?
Oh my God!
You really enjoyed yourself didn't you?
Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
What if I smack my head on the concrete?
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Are you okay, sweetie?
Cookie?
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
And monkeys can't write out prescriptions.
You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Oh.
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
No. But I remember people telling me about it.
Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
Hi!
Okay, what's up?
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Okay!
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm?
C'mon!
Loved him! Yeah! He's great!
Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Oh, well...
Oh my God!!! Ross!!
Because, he's my friend.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
Okay, okay, I'll go first.
Okay.
Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Yeah, right!
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
That is so unfair.
I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
You're blowin' me off for a monkey?
Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
So we should probably get going soon.
Oh, but the party's only just getting started!
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Why to save your dignity my man.
Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
I'll be right down.
Wait, so, you're going?
OK, OK.
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
Hey everyone!
Oh hi!
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
It's perfect.
Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. Oop, oh yeah!
Ah, I'm sorry.
Come on! I don't want you thinking of me like that any more!
Stop it! Cut it out! Cut it out!
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
No, 10 is the highest.
Why is 10 the highest?
I don't want to marry Chandler!
Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
I always knew I was havin a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.
Oh, youre gonna be great!
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Did I, did I even treat?
No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again!
Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Your work makes me sad.
All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn't work either, I can't tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
Well, can't you tell her that you are not in the mood?
Whoa-ho.
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... Actually, thanks!
No! No! No!
What?!
All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It's not like I choose to do it! It's not like-It's not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
You told her!
Nancy Thompson's getting fired!
You're right. I mean I'm sorry. Yeah, I shouldn't be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you!
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Hi.
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved.
That's....
Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Ross!
How crazy that we'd run into you!
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Hey!
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Oh God!
The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Not just restaurants, from our house.
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Okay. Come on! That's not running! Let's go!
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Oh! I used to do that too!
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Yeah-yeah, we never had that,
No.
'Sup? 'Sup dude?
Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Noooo!!
So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Yeah, I know but...
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
It doesn't say that. Does it?
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
You're fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader.
I think she's checking out your beehive Ross.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so...
Mine stole my newspaper! It's like a crime wave!! Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Sure!
Oh my God Ross!!
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
Oh, then it must've been you. Bye.
Bye-bye! That's why I moved out.
I think on some levels she already knows.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Oh, let me see!
Yeah.
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
Y'know, I-I-you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
But I told you, I didn't have the time!
Yay! Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Yay!
Like what?
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Oh, we're not together.
Oh, sly.
Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Hey, come on in.
Oh thank you. Hey y'know, I'm so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.
Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Bye.
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Oh, and plus I'm 1/16th Portuguese.
Oh!
Ross, I really don't think...
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
So umm, any word from Susan?
Ooh, yeah! She said she's having sooo much fun with Emily.
What's too much fun?
Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Done!
You just finished?
So umm, does it?
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Huh?
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
Well yeah!!
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Fine! Maybe I will too!
Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. Get up! Get up! Get up!
Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?
Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
Hey! You were so right!
What?
Oh, hmm.
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
How come?
Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
You don't have to stick up for her. She can't here you.
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
What? Your-your list?
Yeah, the list that-of people we're allowed to sleep...
And if you see Rita Moreno, let her know I'm looking for her.
Ok, ok, you know what? I think you're very funny. Kudos on that hat joke. But, come on guy just, just give him back the hat.
No?
No.
Why should we?
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Ross! They're gonna kill you!
Well, why are you doing this anyway?
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
Hey.
Hey.
Limited seating?! I am just one tiny person!
Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
I think on some levels she already knows.
Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
It was, it was okay.
Just okay-Did you do it right?!
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
Wow!
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
That makes more sense.
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Yeah.
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?!
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
That's very funny!
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Could I borrow it?
Hi! Remember me?
Ross, I'm gonna go.
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?
Yeah, we were...we were just looking around.
Uhh....
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Ben, dinner!
Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.
I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!
I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Yeah, we have time off and a lot of people are going on trips...
Professor Geller!
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
You are? Me, too!
Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Cool!
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Hey.
Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y'know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so...
So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
Oh. Why didn't you take her?
You must feel horrible. Hey! The guys have free porn!
Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.
C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...
...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun.
That's probably what they'll say.
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Yeah, okay, I'll see you later.
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!
Stop what?!
No!! You can't!!
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
We're on in 3, 2,
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
Yeah.
Really?!
Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Hey, he's not crying.
Yes! There's still pie.
Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
Don't be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it's too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Move in with me.
What?!
Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
I hate you!!
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
I hate you!!
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
I dumped him.
Okay.
Give me a 'for instance'.
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
So uh, Emily called last night...
And now you're giving me the message!
God, Susan is so fun!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Thunder being stolen!!
Okay come on Phoebe, it's nothing! Monica, come on!
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
This is all of your things.
So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Ross, you don't know that.
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Nope.
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
He's at a dinner party.
Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
All right, sorry.
Well, why don't you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts.
Oh! Yeah!
Yeah, I'm not sure I can do that.
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
What?!
Why?
How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
You want my advice?
I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
What?! Why did you do that?
How could it not matter?!
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
I don't want a ghost.
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Okay, obviously you don't know much about the U.S. government.
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! Or isn't...
Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh-oh-oh!
Do you want to know?
Oh, hello Ross!
I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
And you're okay with that?
Ugh, that was so embarrassing! I can't believe you let me go on and on like that!
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
I-I already told him everything! You shush!!
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
No! Hey! Hey! We can't!
Ross, she's gonna start getting ready soon!
All right, well how much time do you need?
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Y'know what you should do?
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
That was me and Ross.
Oh that's right!
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
What are these, like famous chickens?
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Why aren't you guys dressed?
We have a half hour.
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Oh, that is so...
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
You don't believe in evolution?
I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Yeah, I just don't buy it.
Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
Hi!
One uh, vegetarian pizza. That's $12.15.
What?!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
Get married.
You are mad!
We've only known each other for six weeks!
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
What are you guys doing out here?
Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi.
Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
I can't think of anything.
Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.
Do you think that's something that he'd be mad at you for?
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Okay.
Yeah I think so.
Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Yeah.
Hey, kids...
There you are! Haaah, you got away from me!
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
You told them he was missing?
All right, we've got to tell her he's gone.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Oh, maybe that's it.
She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Oh God!
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
Well, they painted over the word 'Sapien' for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let's just leave it at that.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
What did they do?
So, do you want me to watch Ben for you?
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don't you just hand over the keys?
What do you think you're doing?!
Just washing the windshield.
Oh.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
I won the game.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.'
That's excellent.
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
The sex? Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Of course it's your friend Tanya.
Don't you want to know about the sex?
The sex of the baby, Ross.
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.
So?
So-If you wear that you'll make mine less special.
Please, don't take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Jen, I know this may sound a little... But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm...
Jen.
Sure! That would be nice.
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
I...Reorganized The Fridge. See, Bottom Shelf: Meats And Dairy. And Top Shelf expired products.
Why are you doing this?
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Hi!
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
Oh yeah. Right. So now, are-do you, do you still do music?
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
You're kidding!
You're kidding, no!
But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
Great story! But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea... Oh man,
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
No, yeah, Ive done that.
Ive never done that.
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Oh...
What is wrong now?!
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Yeah? Really? No one's home?
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Hey, Fun Bobby!
Hey. Whoa, hey, you've been working out, huh?
You and me both.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Then, no.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
God?
Ah... Ah...Get out of here! Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Uhh....
Uh, actually I find Marion's views far to progressionist.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
What did they do?
Eh, 'cause I knew that if I told you, you'd make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
Yeah.
Ross, why didn't you tell me that?
I cannot believe you.
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
Whatever.
What'cha gonna' do?
No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. Okay, you're in bed...
Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers.
Yeah.
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Hey.
Hi! How'd it go?
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
Hold on. Fill these out, sit over there.
Well, you'll have to wait your turn.
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
She really said that?
'Tonight' tonight?
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
There was never a good time.
Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
Oh yes.
Well this doesn't even smell like opium.
Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents.
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
Oh no!
No-no, it's really not huge.
Well, we're still talking about it, aren't we?
That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
Yeah, have a seat.
I'm so sorry.
Well, maybe you didn't want it to end?
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
And, I love you!!
Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Yes, Waltham interiors.
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
And, I love you!!
Boy, bad time to say the wrong name, huh Ross?
Yes, Waltham interiors.
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Don't be so negative! Good God! Isn't it possible that Sorry is sitting in there right now?!
Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
Okay.
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Uh uh.
Aren't you gonna...
What about Andre?
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
Oh-oh, absolutely!
But you got to be with both of them, right?
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Hi.
Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
Oh, Ross...
Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. Lucky. To have had a friend like you.
What?
Well maybe she wouldn't have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
My God!
Oh, I'm sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how's Whitney?
Oh he knows! For the most part.
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Hey guys!
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
What?! What? What happened?!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Hi! How are the Gellers?
Don't call us that!
Hey! It's Porsche!!
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Oh, everything's pink.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
Emotional Knapsack?
30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins...now! What is Joey's favorite food?
All right!
Come on!
Sandwiches!
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old.
Huh?
Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. We will, we will, call you back!
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Oh yeah!
Hey, all right!
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
7:15. Watch doesn't work.
Tommy's supposed to be here soon, we're going to lunch.
You don't?!
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
Oh.
Thanks for having me over, you guys.
Colorado.
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Um... uh.... vulva.
Vulva?
Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
No way!
Well no brush!
Alimony.
Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
What?!
No. She doesn't die.
I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
So that's the girl you like.
Yeah.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
Here?! Now?!
Well, can't you tell her that you are not in the mood?
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Well, but Pheebs.
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
What's up with the greed Joe?
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
Oh honey thank God you're home, I was getting worried.
Oh, little 'X's! Great! That makes up for everything!
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
Angela's the screamer, Andrea has cats.
Right. Thanks. It's June. I'm outta here.
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?
So you might say, it's a magic ring.
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...
I'm telling ya, you guys are totally getting back together!
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
I can't believe it. Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
Can I tell you something? Me too.
Ooooh! Freeze him out.
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Huh.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Well, there you go!
Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
I can't believe this!!
All right well, y'know...I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
What? No-no, a lurker.
Oh. What's a lurker?
Kills you?
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" All right? I mean she's taken my class!
I went to Egypt with my dad.
I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!"
And slept with the professor.
Hey, you're not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
You're right! That did cheer me up!
I didn't know Playboy prints jokes.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
I understand that would be difficult.
I don't know, it's just...
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
You chipped in?!
Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.
What are you crazy? That's a baby!
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Were both of those Joey?
A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
I know, I know. I went a little crazy.
Hey!
What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.
Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I'll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
Okay.
And! She uses sex as a weapon!
You're still gonna go out with her?!
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
And then Joey remembered something.
I'd seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Ewwww!!
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.
dammit!
Oh! No, not really.
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Oh that.
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
For what?
For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it's time to light the Hanukkah candles!
Yeah?
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
Hey!
Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
No! Why?
Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
Why don't you open with a joke?
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
So?
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Ross will do it.
Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
Thank you. C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
You've got to help me my monkey swallowed a 'K'!
You go get that animal outta here.
What's goin' on?
Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal?
Ohh.
She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?
So, who's the mystery man?
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
But no. Maybe if I were baking.
Bye-bye.
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
Ohh no you don't! You got lighting last time, lighting is mine!
And I have costumes.
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Great, I'll see you then.
Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
All right. I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
Bye, fat ass.
I don't know! I don't remember!
Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
What?
I really think you need to go now.
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
What was the book?
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Ohh! That's great!
Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.
Two, two babies?
Then what's gonna happen?
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Look, I don't think so Pheebs. All right, I'll do it. But just because you're a friend.
What?! No!
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.
Hi Ginger.
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
What you do mean?
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Okay!
Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Yeah. That's Daddy.
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
NOW!!!!!!!!
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Huh.
What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.
Four, please. I'm really nervous. Thank you.
So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?
Ohh, that's too bad!
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Okay, Santa!
Merry Christmas!
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love!
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
No, no, Dad, I was just wondering.
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
What do we got here?
Twenty year old has got a severed toe on his right foot.
It says here that the knife went right through your shoe.
No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
Santa's mad at me.
So Santa's coming?
Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Thanks!
Actually, I should get going.
Yes! Yes! You did!
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Ross! Janice?!
All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
So are you actually gonna see her again?
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Yes, but also Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
Santa has reindeers that can fly!
Jingle bells, jingle bells...
The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
What the hell was that?!
What?
I was not flirting.
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Why not?
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
A lesson in the importance of unagi.
Ohh, you're a freak!!
All right, so we weren't prepared!
Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Oh, honey that's awful.
But, it's not raining.
Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
Last night.
Hey hey hey! She's on!
Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
Between you and...
I would but mine doesn't fit. The pants are a little tight.
Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
What!?
To be nice.
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Nice shooting!
We'll take Literature!!
Chandler gets it! It's Chandler Bing!
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
Ok.
Would you come on! Come on! Thank you.
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Well, isnt, isnt that gonna be weird?
Ross, thats my jacket.
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
Bummer.
Yeah, right. Look at you, you're practically giddy.
Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
No! Not at all!
Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
That is what the thing is.
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice.
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel?
Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
Ah!
Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
That is so smart! Break it off. Break it off now.
Hey! Ross!
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
No, she's at a faculty meeting.
Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
Hey, the fight's starting!
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Thanks. Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
Duly noted.
What are you talking about?
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
Whatever.
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Why did they get divorced?
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Which time?
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
Joey, I can't believe you would do that for me.
Absolutely! I could be a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer, right?
But, we can't go now. It looks like Rachel's gonna put on a skit.
Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Hey! How'd the audition go?
Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn't even be an actor!
Yeah, did I fool ya?
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Yes. Not out loud.
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Smooth.
Excuse me?
Oh I'd like that.
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
W-w-w-wait! Why?!
Well look, if I wanted to see a fireman, I would date one. Okay?
Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
I'm not even... I'm not even...
Yes! Shame about you man.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Or we can do the actual telephone thing.
Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.
Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
What'd you do, dip it in sugar?
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Ah. Joey you're-you're having lunch with my mom?
No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure!
What's up?
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
This is your place?
But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man!
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Hey roomies!
Love what you've done with the place.
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
Ahh, what's a little mid-life crisis between friends?
Jack, would you let it go?
Guys. Seriously, it is not like that.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
The little ones do.
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Split it?
Okay.
I knew.
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!
Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.
Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Yeah, we'll be fine.
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
What are you doing here, Santa?
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
What?
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Hey umm, what's this?
Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
Yes it does.
I'll call the university and tell them about your relationship and have you fired.
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say...
Oh, just look at her...
Oh, you're right.
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
You think he's emotionally unavailable?
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
No, I do not hear that.
Eight whole days.
Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
What's the matter?
That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Oh, no, I didn't mean, uh...
I mean maybe you didn't hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
No.
Okay, it must just be me then.
No, go ahead.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
Come on, show me.
Oh, everything's pink.
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Not for you.
And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Come on look guys, don't fight.
Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
I wasn't invited.
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.
Meet me in the nocturnal house in 15 minutes.
It's about your monkey. It's alive.
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Wow! Great! Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
Oh look, look there's your old makeup kit!
Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?
What?
Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help.
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year's Eve 1997.
We want the last six years back!!
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
What's wrong with being the Bings?
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
No.
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Does anybody want anything else?
What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Does she.
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
Or that.
I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
It's an expression.
And then we've gotta get some sleep.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
Umm, or, maybe, I should stay away from all men.
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
Whoa, whoa, no, no, I-I'm not playing with this guy, now.
Fine with me.
What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
Hey!
Yeah!
What?!
Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Erica.
Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.
Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
I have to go. Yeah, Carol should be home by now, soo...
Umm, how's it going with you guys?
Oh, really?
Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
I know.
Ross?!
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
Thanks Rach.
So what are you gonna do?
Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Looks like that might come any minute.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Looks like that might come any minute.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him.
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Really!?
Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me. What?
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Thank you.
What about you honey, who would be on your list?
What a geek!
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to.
You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.
Fellas, these guys were here first.
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now!
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don't you just hand over the keys?
Oh.
Look Ross, if you're so freaked out, just get in the car!
Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
Hey.
Hey.
Was it like a sneeze only better?
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
All of us.
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. Oop, oh yeah!
Stop it! Cut it out! Cut it out!
Rosss...
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
I have no idea.
C'mon, Ross!
You got it.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
I-I-I found it interesting.
I'm sorry.
Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes.
A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.
Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.
I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.
You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now.
Yeah. Yeah. A little.
Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back..
Oh my God.
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Oh, you are so great! Thank you!
Are you really not going?
They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?
Alan.
I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
Cassie?
Uh-hmm.
Ross, she's 25 years old.
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
How about you?
It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
We are bad people.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Oh-ho, okay.
Dead leg!!
Woo-yay!!
Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
Look, you wanna get off my back?
You wanna get out of my face?
Give me that.
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
Yeah. Cushions the blow.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
Uh, Ross.
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.
Oh, so you're already doing your part for the kids.
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
But you're still my friend?
Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Maybe a Hello Kitty doll, the ability to walk...
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Isn't there any way you can keep him?
Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?
Could we see something in a slimmer heel?
No, it really should be burgundy.
I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
You didn't just break up.
Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
Were both of those Joey?
Not even with your best friend.
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
Like a date type person?
No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so...
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
What is ah, Rach in her room?
Oh no, she's still at work, but she told me to tell you to call her.
All right ah, Ross, this is the extent of my knowledge on the subject. Call Rachel.
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it's, it's gonna be....
I know. Thanks.
I know no, no, y'know you don't deserve this, you don't Ross. You're, you're really, you're so good.
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair cut?
What?! Why?
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
I'm sorry, I was an idiot.
A big idiot.
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
What's fish hooking?
What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
Oh my God, you look so good!
I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
Because I promised Mindy I would.
You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
What?
Hey! Oh!
Ross!
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
But...
OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Please Rachel, I am not an idiot.
No, wait Phoebe.
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
What a pity stay?
No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Well, then, I might as well offer to stay.
You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?
Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college!
What?!
Yes.
I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
I hope Ben has a little sister.
Yeah. I hope she can kick his ass.
That was you?
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Oh, no!
No, it's all right. I got nice boobs.
So?
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
I don't want him to tell this story for years.
I wasn't escaping.
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room could destroy you!!
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
I can't believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I'd be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special.
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Yeah that was stupid. Let's not do that.
Ohh, absolutely.
Yeah, definitely!
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
Then what's gonna happen?
Uh-huh.
Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.
I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...
Joshua.
Yeah, I...
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
Hey
Hey
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Look, it's just a little more complicated...
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Then what?
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? Pheebs? Hello? Phoebe? Phoe-Phoebe! Come on!
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Some day, maybe.
Funny book?
Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
You didn't tell her?! Okay, fine! Pheebs?
Yeah? Hi!
I'm sorry, sweetie.
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Oh, I promise, what.
It's Richard Burke.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Hi, sure!
Hi.
I knew.
Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Well, you could actually go to the gym.
You're a genius!
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings in his ear.
Ross.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
You just wanna each take one?
Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Well...
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
I got it. So hi, I'm uh, I'm Ross and this is my friend Chandler.
I-I am Kristen.
I...I uh, actually just moved from four blocks over.
Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
And this- is my reward!
Okay, so this time I won't quit!
Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Hi. Uh, I have been in the bathroom. Stay clear of the salmon mousse.
Oh, scotch neat. Ya know, that's Rachel's father's drink.
I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
Well why didn't you take the job?
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Oh my God! Rachel Green?
Okay, okay, yes, it is. How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age.
No. No.
Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!
Hi.
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!
Oh God, here we go!
What?
Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Well, who wouldn't?!
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
A part of him did yes.
Yes, we were just...
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
....I have to go to China.
The country?
Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
Okay, fine!
Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There's a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
Whoa what?
Ross has a boyfriend.
Really?
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Look, I-I'm really sorry I let go of the bike.
I could've been killed I hope you know!
Well, I would love to but...the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.
Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now.
Ooh! I found it!
W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Hi! It's me.
Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
All right. Uhh, international.
Oh that's mine too! I'm Italian!
Not even on page 7?
No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.
I tired attacking two women, did not work.
What?!
Let me get this straight man, you attacked your ex-wife?!
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman's tux!
What?
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
We're not gonna lose to girls.
This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Done with the bookcase!
All finished!
Hey-hey-hey-hey, if you're gonna start with that stuff we're outta here.
Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Sorry.
Ah, so what are we looking at?
Really?
Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella. Don't, don't just dismiss this so fast. I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, for you. Is that the list?
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
All right? What's going on?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
I think, sub-consciously...
Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
Uh-huh. Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. Okay, let's go see Monica!
Okay.
But! Don't you have to give him his money back?
So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever can't do it. Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
I found it. Finders keepers, losers weepers.
You gotta do it, man.
No.
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
Well I mean, you're American to start with. You don't even have rugby here.
Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much!
I'm so worried about him, y'know?
Somebody lose a ring?
H-h-h-how's the duck?
She said what?
Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Look, I'm sorry.
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
You spit on me man!
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Great. Great.
I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! A party! Yay!! I don't know why.
This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
Hey Pheebs?
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
Phoebe.
What?! What the hell?!
What?! Why?!
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Okay!
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
What?
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
..I dunno, a little too Alan?
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
She really said that?
'Tonight' tonight?
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
You, you are gonna love this.
Monica said that did she?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
What? You're leaving?!
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?
Thank you.
No luck huh?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
No luck huh?
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
What're you doing?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
Uh, I'm holding Ben.
Chandler!
Fine.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Yeah?
Yeah, it is.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Yeah. It's gonna be weird.
Hey.
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
Hey.
What're you guys doing out here?
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
What?!!
No!
Yeah, she's fired.
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
Thank God.
You've done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
I will flip you for it.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
No.
Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
I'd love some juice. Thanks.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
No?
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
Oh, I love you too. But...
No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can'tyou can't do...
OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here!
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Settle what?
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Oh. Right.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
C'mon Rachel.
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
Freakish.
His indian name?
No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
Wow.
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Dude! That's my sister!
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Look!
Give me that!
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
...Yeah?
Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.
I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . .
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Oh, the guys are here.
You bug me.
It does in mine!
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
Yeah.
No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
You be okay?
Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. What?
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
What do you mean?
You seem to really like her.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
All right.
Really?
No, I knew.
Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Okay.
Yeah I think so.
Because, because I've got Ben.
Why not?
I've got Ben.
It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
It's ok. I'm sorry.
Oh my god.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Kills you?
Ohhh!
What's going on?
Hey!
Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
What is it?
No, no, no, this weekend guys!
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
It'll be great for next weekend.
It'll be great for next weekend. I mean, it'll be grrreat.
Emily!
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
Oh my God! What are you doing here?
Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.
Oh no.
Well I've had it.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Wow!
Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
I know!
Hi.
And they weren't looking at you before?!
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Yes, yes it is. In prison!
Cupping.
That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
I said name one!
It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
Y'know, he hums when he pees!
I do know.
We're so sorry.
Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that?
I know.
Alright, let's take this outside.
The guy that's about to kick your ass talks like that.
Uh-huh, I see that.
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
How's it gonna be all right?!
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Hi!
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
To wear in front of people?
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and what-what is uh, what's this?
It's a bathing suit?
Is that supportive?
Oh.
Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Try telling my wife that.
I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
Okay to come in?
Ohhh.
Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
What's wrong with the twentieth?
Well, yeah!
No.
I mean don't you trust her?
Then get over yourself! Grow up!
I-I-I...
What?
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Makes me wanna puke!
Phoebe!
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Really?
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
No, 10 is the highest.
Why is 10 the highest?
I don't want to marry Chandler!
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
It's not a club.
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
They have that on the napkins at the club.
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
All right, maybe it means that too...
Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
No. No-no. No. What would you do next?
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them...
Who? Me the attacker?
What, what.
Monica.
Mon.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Hi! It's me.
Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Hey!
Yes.
Hey.
Hi.
I was just leaving.
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
And Monica knows...
Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
In the bank.
You were fired? What're you gonna do?
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
Did you say something?
Yeah, all right, it's a date.
Hang in there. You hang in there.
No, just singing.
Yes, yes!
Yeah.
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here..
Okay.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Right. No big deal.
In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
How do you know? You don't have a watch.
I don't know.
All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
A lot of other gas smells...
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Well okay!
Oh the humanity.
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
Who's your roommate?
I'm sorry. Was I not supposed to?
Helps a little.
Yeah.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
All right! Ross, do you think it's easy for me to see you with somebody else?
Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
It was a hug!
It's also a sign of friendship.
Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson.
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Wow!
You're kidding.
No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
About what?
Hey!
So, what do you think?
Yeah, what?
Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
That's, that's funny. Change!
Hang on a second I just got in.
We could not, would not want to wait.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
So I nodded off a little.
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
All right! You go get him! Let's go!
I wasn't sleeping.
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
Bad dream?
Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe's song about?
I can't believe this is happening.
Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
I know.
What's her last name?
Your good friend?
Yeah!
Carol...Lesbian?
Thank God.
Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that...hot dog.
I'm all done.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. Helloo!
Wow, uh, anything else I should know?
Nope, nope, that's it.
Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain.
Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!!
Ohh, get these things out of me!
I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs!
Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
That's a good point.
Yeah.
Okay, great!
Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this.
Caitlin!
Caitlin!
It's uh, $12.50.
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Rach, he's not an ex-con.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
Okay.
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
About the yelling.
No, because your not upset.
Right.
Right, and the humiliating.
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Technically, huh, no.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.
Oh.
Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Here you go.
Okay. Let's bring it in.
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
That almost hit me in the face.
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Hit me!
So what! I still have-No you're probably right.
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
Ross, she's 25 years old.
Hi!
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Not all bad.
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, I missed you too.
Hi!
Hey! I missed you.
Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
You, you sure you need shoes? Okay.
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Wait! Where's my shoes?
Do I know why we're rushing?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
Really? Who's number two?
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Like a date type person?
Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Hey! Which one's my turkey burger?
Hey, the fight's starting!
Ah, Cheryl!
Oh! Ah. Aw!
What?
Oh, Ross!
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
That is so smart! Break it off. Break it off now.
Hey! Ross!
Just a smidge.
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Ooh, this always happens.
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
I'm engaged!!!!!! I'm engaged!!!!
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
No.
No?
Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
.....Hi.
I just... can't do it.
Boys? We're going in.
Wow. That is not a happy hi.
My first time with Carol was...
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Then what?
What?
I'm in for fifty cents.
Alright, check.
Check.
Call.
You-you had what?
We ended up having sex in his chair.
You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Sex in his chair.
Rach, I got a message from you. Who's Michael?
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Oh yeah, go ahead.
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Then you should have said something before I met her.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
So, Spock actually hugs his father?
C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
Hey!
Hey.
For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Hiiiiii.
Are... are you OK?
Maybe.
Well, there goes my whole belief system.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.
It's Erica.
Some of your old stuff.
Hi darling.
So, what's this.
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
No.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
No?
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Is this what you had in mind?
I'll say.
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
That would be me.
Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
And who laminated it?
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
I was shrieking... like a Marine.
You broke a little girl's leg?!!
Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?
Yeah.
So far, I've sold seventy-five.
Five dollars a box.
Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.
You're a big scrud.
I don't have too. I can just look at you.
What's a scrud?
Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
Where in Cuba?
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
Oh come on, not again.
Oh sweetie, when do you think you're going to get off tonight?
Oh I don't know honey. It's gonna be really late.
I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
What a pity stay?
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.
No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Ah! Oh.
Sooo!! Anyway...
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Ohhh.
If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Ho-ho, I will.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Hey, you guys! Guess what?
Got a job on a river boat?
Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
That's a duck.
Okay.
Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
That's a bad duck!!! How'd the thing go tonight, Ross?
Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
Well what is it? Is it a mole?
No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
Hi.
I am Guru Saj.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
What's a koondis?
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Hey!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.
That's correct. Ladies?
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
Animals dressed as humans.
Same category?
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
Hey!
Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?
Oh, hey!
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Huh?
One swift kick and he'll back off.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
Hey, you're right.
You think?
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Yeah.
No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
You didn't!
Hello!
All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
I don't know. A month?
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Sometimes we were.
Pretty soon I guess.
So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
You can forget about Emily, she's not with us.
We've come for her things.
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
Go ahead.
Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
Hi!
Hey!
Yes!
Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
I'll take it all.
Well, they're not mine!
Ew-eww!! Undies!
All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
What? What? What?! You guys knew? You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Oh. Uhh...
Oh that's nice.
Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or...
Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
A loser you did it with 298 times!
Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Oo-oo!
You wanted to see me Professor Geller?
Yes. Yes! Please, come in.
Doorknob?
Oh no!
You guys kissed! Oh my-this is huge!
No!
No-no, it's really not huge.
Delaware! Delaware!
Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
All right.
Hey, y'know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron!
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
Oh that's a nickname we were trying out.
Hey!
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
What?
Oh I don't-I don't know.
Y'know what else makes you wonder?
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Jacket now.
We'll watch him.
This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
What?
What's goin' on?
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Uh... to the bathroom.
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Excuse me, where are you going?
Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Yes! Exactly! And that's why...
Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
You do, huh?
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Chandler. I sensed it was you.
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
Hey.
What?!
Unagi. I'm always aware.
Chandler. I sensed it was you.
What?!
Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel?
You should get some sleep.
What?
That is the sweetest thing, I just....
Okay.
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
So?
Yeah?
Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Hi ma.
Happy birthday dad.
Oh thank you.
Happy birthday.
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Well, we could count again.
I can't believe this is happening.
I do.
All righty roo. What a great moment to say that for the first time.
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Get my glasses too.
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Excellent, that was excellent.
Nooo.
That was amazing!
I can't believe the guys missed this.
A date.
Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.
Yeah, I'm her date.
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.
Look I just thought that...
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I know... ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Ohh.
Oh?
Oh?
She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
What did, what did he say?
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
All right? What's going on?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.
I can still see you!
Events from around the globe.
The paper.
Yeah, what's it about?
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Will you-will you please?
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Yeah, and not a very good one.
Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, I'm a professor in the paleontology department here.
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
You just wanna each take one?
Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Well...
Get away from me I said no!
I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Aww, Rach, I think you look cute And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs.
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
What are you supporting?
Duh!! Christmas!
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Hey, Pheebs.
Chandler? Do you promise to be good?
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
Let's have Monica decide.
Thanks.
Ohh.
Let me get you some coffee.
Ooh! Oh!
Well, uh.
No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?
He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Hey, someone order a coat?
No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing!
Well what is it? Let me see.
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Ross, I thought you were over this.
Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
What happened?
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Oh my God.
Yowzah!!!
Come on, would you grow up? It's no big deal.
All right. Fine.
O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Ahh.
Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Do you love her?
So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Hey man.
Hey!
Nothing.
Yeah!
What a tool!
You don't want to work for a guy like that.
I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
She's not even here yet.
You have to pick your moments.
Did I miss it, did I miss it?
What's with the guitar?
Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Yeah!
Of course I am! Okay, let's go godfather.
You're not his godfather.
What?! Are you kidding?!
All right!
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
Chandler!
Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
Hey!!!
Ohh, I'm sorry I couldn't think of anymore for Ross!
That was you!
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs...
I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
Ooh! That's so nice...
How we doing, you guys ready?
Is everything all right, dear?
Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
So?
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
So, let's go.
Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Grazie.
Thank you.
Cappuccino.
And a nice hot cider for Monica.
Okay. Well, you be careful.
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
No.
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Oh-oh, absolutely!
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
No-no, he's, he's very docile.
Yes.
Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
Even if he were... cornered?
Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
Oh, come on!
Big bullies!!
Oh, hey!
Easy.
What did they do to you?
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?
Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
What the? What...
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
You dog!
Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
No.
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
What the? What...
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?
Hi!
That's right.
I have an oily T-zone!
Okay dude! Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Ohh...
Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Later!
Surely you can think of something good.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Yeah, just give me a minute! Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
Oh, no!
No-no.
Yeah, big!
Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines.
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
That sounds great.
Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
"...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
Slides are almost ready.
Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!
Oh great!
Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Ross!
How crazy that we'd run into you!
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Hey, is Chandler here?
Uh-oh...
Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street.
Yeah.
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
Thanks Rach.
So what are you gonna do?
Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
Yeah.
Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
Did you see Betty?
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
It's just a fur ball.
You know, you think I would.
What's up with the simian?
Okay... ..whose turn is it?
Oh, you're...
No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites.
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. Ow.
Ok, who wants to hear something ironic?
Help!
Are they here yet?
We're here!
Wait! You forgot your legs!
Push, push!
Where have you been?
Long story, honey.
We're here!
Where have you been?
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Yeah, I just don't buy it.
Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
OK. Hold my board.
Atta boy.
No, no, no.
Let's show 'em.
C'mon kid, let's go.
Ahh, are you hadsome.
Uh, just a sec dad. OK, be cool, just be cool. OK dad.
Why did you hate me?
You hated me when we were kids?
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
And that wasn't fun for you?
Why did you hate me?
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
Duh-huh!
Bye.
Alright, alright, ok. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
You like that do ya?
Take care.
So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, uniform things?
Oh yeah.
You need to get some sleep.
Ooh. Oh. It looks like, like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal.
God, what is wrong with me.
I need to get some Richard.
Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?
Yeah.
Oooh!
Oh, aaaah!
He's got nothing!
Okay, I'm ready.
Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
That's easy, baggage claim.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
I'm gonna use the cushion.
Yeah.
Okay, the old hug and roll.
You'll never get me, Joe!!!
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
No, thank you. Chandler!
Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
Oh, I'm sorry. But I really like this guy. And I think he really happens to like me.
Maybe he's just jumping on a pogo-stick and really likes it?
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
You are totally jealous.
Are you jealous?
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
What?!
What, what do you mean, what? Is he gay?
No. He.....he's coming out of his shorts.
The man is showing brain.
Chloe? Hi..
Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!
Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips?
Is this about me taking your watch?
Yeah, yeah.
Now, wh-what, what is that like?
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Why can't I find that?
So Rachel called. Wants to see me. Going over in a minute.
Hello.
Hey!
Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
Uh, yeah, I ah, I also need two.
I need two. I'm bringing Pete. My boyfriend. I have a boyfriend now!
Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Really? Who's number two?
So it's looks like we're the first ones here.
Good.
Hey.
Yeah, looks that way. First ones here! Wooo!!
Umm...
Whoa, sorry Tommy.
What's in the cup, Ross?
What is in the cup?!
Pheebs, I think she's great. Okay? We're going out again.
No, I-I'm saying I liked her.
Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.
Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Yeah, yeah. It wasn't every morning.
Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
I don't know.
Oh, making it worse!
I suppose.
I missed you too.
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Hello.
Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter.
It's us.
Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?
Huh...
Um, would you like to come in?
According to recent findings!
Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.
He loves you.
Then why didn't you tell me to do that?!!
Yeah! No, that's right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
Really?! Wow! That's-that's so nice, what are you gonna get me?
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
I don't know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
The one with the cat. I gotta go, I've got another date.
So, did you pick one yet?
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
And you're afraid you won't be able to...fill his shoes.
Then what is it?
Well, Kathy's last boyfriend was Joey.
No, I'm afraid I won't be able to make love as well as him.
Challenge extended.
How many guesses do you get?
Six.
Deal!
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
It's heads. Gentlemen, pick your category.
Fears and Pet Peeves.
Animals dressed as humans.
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Nice shooting!
We'll take Literature!!
Chandler gets it! It's Chandler Bing!
11, unbelievable 11 is correct. All right, that's 4 for the guys. Ladies, you're up.
Two seconds...
Uhh, 11!
All right!
I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!
What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross!
Dude, if you go back out there, you're gonna be Dead Ross!
All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
No, no, I'm serious. Thank you.
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
I think you've got concussion.
You're welcome. I'm sorry. Did I hurt you?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Yeah, what' going on?
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Awwww!
What do I do now?
Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her?
Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
You play hard to get.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to London and I'm going to fight for her.
All right. All right, I'm gonna do it!
All right.
Okay, good luck!
Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!
Ahh!
Are you all right?
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
What?
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Emily? Emily? I'm coming in.
Oh, right!
Get the hell out of there, y'know?
Well, look at that, same thing.
That is what the thing is.
Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants...
Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
Yeah?
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Happy New Year, Pheebs!
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year.
You too!
Well, you can help me!
Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
Uhh, Chandler's not here.
Okay.
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
What?!
Are you serious?!
You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
Well, he had gravity boots.
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
He broke that.
Yeah, he broke those too.
Oh, no!
Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.
By me?
No-no.
No, I will not!
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
Meth-methane smells...
A lot of other gas smells...
Oh the humanity.
Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
And she just gave you this?
Yeah!
I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Yeah, no one talks like that!
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
It's a witness not a perp. And no one talks like that!
Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
You okay man?
Uh, HELLO!!
I do have a newfound respect for life.
Wow! I could've died tonight.
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Oh my God!
Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?
Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I?
Monica! Come on!
Ross! Stop it! Come on!
What's with her?
Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
Umm, no thank you.
I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Well, I don't know.
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Well, I can't help you.
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
I don't know! I don't remember!
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Really?
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Uh-hmm.
Uh-hmm.
No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Ohhh!
How do you know about this?
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
Your what?
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
Okay, you go grab it!
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
I saw it.
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Ross, we can handle this.
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Oh wow.
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Hi!
Yeah, Jell-o just like Mom used to make.
The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
So really, what'd ya have?
The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
That's perfect! That's brilliant!
Hey Joey, I got some beer for you.
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
...and live forever as a machine!
Come on, seriously.
Yeah. What do you think.
Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Ross they're really, really, really white.
Mmm.
Mmm-Hmm.
And someday soon, I hope to open my own restaurant.
You know, you're a really great listener. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.
Okay, I think I might know why my parents don't like you.
What?
Dude, I need to talk to you a sec.
You do? Why?
Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn't break the porch swing, Monica did!
It was you?
And Dad, y'know that mailman that you got fired? He didn't steal your Playboys! Ross did!
Ross hasn't worked at the museum for a year!
It's your joke.
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
Is not.
Oh I a lot of stuff!
No!
Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?
You got a little bored?
Yes that's right.
No. No-no. No. What would you do next?
Who? Me the attacker?
Why?
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
Wow!
You're right, you're right, it is.
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
Okay, Okay, Fine! Make Jokes, I Don'T Care! This Is A Big Break For Me!
Yes.
So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?
You're right, you're right, it is.
Yes.
All right well, I'm outta here. Wish me luck.
Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
It-it's great to meet you Paul.
I usually prefer Elizabeth's boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.
So Ross, what your problem?
Joey?! Joey!!
Hi Ross.
I was just getting him to like you.
Ross, Joey is not here.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Oh wow that's a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
You told her before you told us?
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
Yeah? Well, you should know. You've bought like a billion of 'em.
Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
What's-what's going on?
The guys across the hall are throwing water balloons at us.
No, it's a water balloon fight! We started it!
Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
Hey! Oh my God you're here, let me see your hand!!
No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
Ross! Wait!
Wh-what's up?
We kinda need to talk.
Both of you together?
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
I think that would be best.
We fell asleep! That is all.
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I'd better go.
Yeah. All right, I'll talk to you later.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
Ahh.
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I've ever gotten.
Pheebs you uh...you do know how to ride a bike don't you?
Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
Ohh, uh-huh so much!
Of course!
It's a legitimate learning technique. Wow!
I-I just thought you were doing so well. I...
I am shocked! Shocked!!
Hey, there's uh, some people outside, askin' about candy.
Joey where's the pipe that was holding the door open?
Show me where?
Right-right up here.
I don't know! Yeah, I do.
Okay, here I go.
I would say that.
Face to face, yeah!
All right.
All right everyone, lift! And slide!!
Lift!! And slide!
Okay, here we go.
Hey Joey, can I...
...now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
Ah what?! Jessica hates horses!
Yeah well, I'm guessing after this she's not going to be crazy about electricity either.
I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
Everything okay in there?
Thanks Phoebe!
Ben, its Rachel! But whatever.
Don't talk to me now!
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
All right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't tell you but you were so mad already!
Hey Ross!
You have a line down your face.
Practical jokes.
Oh I...I think they're funny.
What?
That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
A woman in a man's body.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
I know.
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Ross, thats my jacket.
Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.
Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe?
Shut up! This place is a hole!
Oh, blimey, I still can't believe you've got an earring!
He does that?!
In your mouth?!
What-what-what the-how da-how did-what the-how did-what?!
Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Bye, Nana.
Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
G'bye, Nana.
Ross!
Hello? Hi.
I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings.
Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie, for you.
Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you.
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Could you guys help me?
It-it's really heavy.
Mm-hmm..
Anyway.. um.. So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Oh.. a little..
A lot.
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
You got it.
Okay.
What?
Dr. Green. How are you?
Hi Daddy.
Baby. Ross.
Thanks for dinner last night.
You can have the last piece, if you want.
That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
Well, I should think so. You slept with someone.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
No problem.
And we'll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
Dad?
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
I'm here!
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
It'll be great for next weekend.
Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
Mark's a genius!
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
Please tell me you're joking.
Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
She doesn't know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.
Ross umm, there's something that I've got to tell you, there's-there's someone else.
Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?
This isn't how it's supposed to go, there can't be another guy.
No. It's the one he's licking.
Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing.
Okay, thank you. It's the Italian Hand-Licker, isn't it.
She's supposed to be with you.
It was you, pal.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
God?
Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Is this what you had in mind?
Bye you.
Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey sailor.
I'll say.
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here.
Ooh, oh, oh, that's her.
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
It's an empty apartment.
Look, look, look.
What, what, what?
Oooh.
Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
But, okay.
I'm not on the list!
It's laminated!
Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Huh. Sounds like Mark Something wants to have some sex.
What!?
To be nice.
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Your welcome, oh please not the one with the turtles.
No, no, no, no turtles scare me. I don't need that today.
Oh honey, thank you, but Mark's taking me out.
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
I mean my God...
You're hurt!
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
She, she was different.
She was not good. Not good.
She was nothing compared to you.
Ewwwww!
That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
We were on a break!
You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
Look, I'm not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake!
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you.
Yes.
You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
Ohhhhh!
I-I know. Well if something comes up...
Sure, what's up?
Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
This is the coolest house ever!!
What's this?
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
Hey, does anybody want to join me in the aroma room?
Ooohhhh!!
Uh-huh.
Watch, watch.
And, and!
No, but it's-it's-it's hot!
Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
Yeah, but you didn't.
Ross, would you just stop it! It's getting really old.
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
So you can like, bite, and pull people's hair and stuff?
What's fish hooking?
Electrifying. Emphatic time-time-time...
Bye. Are you still out there?
No.
Y'know, there's a Starbucks about three blocks down.
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Hey!
Hey...
So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
Oh. Oh.
Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
How's it gonna be all right?!
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Wait up!
She said that?!
Joey's not going.
Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks.
Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
I didn't finish my five pages.
Is everything okay?
Where have you been?
The doctor.
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
What the hell are doing?!!
Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. Hold on! Hey Ross. What's up bro?
Hey, what's-what's going on?!
Oh yeah, why not?
Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Pheebs?
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Hi! How are the Gellers?
Don't call us that!
Hey! It's Porsche!!
Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
That's not specific to girls.
My apothecary table!!!
Oh sure! Noo!
Ohh!!
What?!
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Okay, Chandler, you go first.
No, you stop!
Oh stop.
No you stop!
You stop!
Shh! Of course, why don't we go inside?
Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Making out in your office.
Oh-ooh!
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
What?!
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
That was a great lecture today. Did you get a little hair cut?
What?! Why?
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Oh, everything's pink.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
We should always always break up together.
Oh, I'd like that.
Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
You come out there, you're a dead man.
I'm going to do it.
Do you want any help?
Good luck, man.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Wha... what, here?
OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
No no no. Talk... dirty.
Yes...
That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation.
OK. I'm in my apartment...
....yeah... what else?
Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
No, it's not just that. It's justI want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh...
I don't know.
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
...little playthings with yarn?
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Huh.
Oh yeah, go ahead.
No, you don't.
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
Look I just thought that...
Is your finger caught in that chair?
OK, now, sit. OK.
Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
Grape.
Oh, God.
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Bite me.
Oh my God.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
That audition.
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
What?
That's a two line part.
I'll take it. My gift to you man.
Huh.
Yeah.
Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.
Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
Hey.
Hi honey.
What?
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
We're not done.
I didn't know that.
Fine, I will.
Oh, sorry we didn't know.
Yeah alright.
Hey you're in our seats.
Hey, we were sitting there.
Alright you kids, bye now.
Ok, dinner's on.
And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Bye.
Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Oh dear God.
Come on! That's great.
What's the part?
Well, it's not a part, no. I'm teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Wow!
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Nothing I do means anything, really.
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Oh-ho please. Ask her how?
Oh.
And um, excuse me, he helps me.
What do you need help for?
What? So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
No, no he's not.
You guys, Joey just saw Janice kissing her ex-husband.
Well, I was thinking about that and I, I think the best way would be, to not.
Come on, let's go!
Score!! 7 to nothing!
Are you okay?
Losers walk!
No, hi, I'm, I'm an honorary Brown Bird
Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.
You're no Brown Bird, I can see you through my peephole.
What does that mean?
Hi there!
That's crap!! Sister Brown Bird. Good going.
Who's next?
Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
There you go.
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
Yay!
He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
How'd did it go?
Hi.
Hi.
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
And what are you going to do for him?
Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
I'm going to let him.
I'm really glad we came. You're so pretty. I love you.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
Oh.
No the man's right, that's what I had with Rachel.
Okay, but isn't sex better when it's with one person that you really, really care about.
Yeah, in a poem maybe.
You don't have it anymore?
Oh, fire! There, there's a fire! Fire!!
Mon?
I'm in the shower!
Hey.
What?! What?!
I guess it's worth a try.
Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!
We appear to have angered it.
You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
Okay, have fun! Wooo!!
Come on see, she doesn't look that bad.
I don't know.
I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
I think she would like that.
Thank you. We both forgive you.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
Go!!
All right, all right, all right. I mean I'll have to check with him first, but I'll think he'll be cool with it.
Yes. Yes!
You're welcome for a delicious dinner.
I knew you'd understand.
So, thank you for the delicious dinner.
Hey what are you guys looking at?
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven't played in so long, and-and, well it's-it's really personal stuff, y'know?
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
I wanna hear "The Sound."
Come on, play that funky music white boy.
No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in-No, yeah, okay.
Come on, play that funky music white boy.
Yeah!
Okay, guys.
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Okay, guys.
All right! Bring it on, you...
Oh my God! Play!
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Really?! I mean, really?!!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Thank you guys-guys-guys...
Y'know, there's a Starbucks about three blocks down.
It's so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go!
Hey, aren't you up next?
Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don't want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Hey!
Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Hey!
So you were right?
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
What?!
I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! I don't live here!
Catch any big fish?
Hi!
Hey!
Oh my God, you guys have no idea.
So uh, Emily just went to the airport.
Hi.
Hi.
Oh. Why didn't you take her?
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
So uh, Emily called last night...
And now you're giving me the message!
God, Susan is so fun!
So! Poetry? Susan's gay! They're being gay together!
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
So?
Emily's straight.
Oh, wake up!
So! Poetry? Susan's gay! They're being gay together!
Emily's straight.
Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Excuse me?
No, I wasn't gonna ask you that, no.
You guys are unbelievable. No! He cannot come.
It's horrible.
No tongue.
Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
Oh, so did I.
Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!
Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Uh, I don't know, whatever.
I think it makes you look really dangerous.
I love both of you!
Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.
Yeah?
I wish I didn't have to go.
Ohh, Ross, please!
Is that-are you saying yes? Is that yes?
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
My parents are going to be really mad.
Yes.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Is this about Mark?
Oh my God.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
This time it's not so funny.
Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Oh, thank God.
Emily?!
Okay!
Okay!
Nope, not under here!
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
Uh-huh.
That's not advice!
That's okay.
You got married to fast.
I told ya.
I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
Hey roomies!
Exactly.
Ross?
Love what you've done with the place.
Oh my God!
Aww, come on.
That's it. Ow!!!
Oh-ow!
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Huh?
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
Well yeah!!
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Dude, we got to talk.
Okay.
Why would I be mad?
Huh.
What?
I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy.
Oh Ross, you're so great!
Ugh, can you believe that guy!
Yes but too me he's just, man.
Okay, fine, whatever. Welcome to the building.
Yeah. I really like his glasses.
Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Tell me about it, huh? Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! Ewwuck!
This is your place?
I will give you a call.
Umm?
Oh! My number is on there. Give me a call.
I'll see you later.
Yeah, right.
It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting.
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Really?!
Thank you for that! I was not flirting.
It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Really?!
I know. My arm is killing me.
Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.
No, I meant with the dropper over here.
All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
You okay there man?
Yeah, I got too excited!
Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
It was a hug!
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Hey Rach!
Hi!
Oh wow.
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Hey, I've been married 3 times
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
See ya!
Whoa whoa whoa! Where're you goin'?
Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
Y'know what would cheer you up?
What?
You're right! That did cheer me up!
Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
Hey does anyone have any gum?
Oh I do! Oh, y'know what? No. Wait a second. I know it's in here somewhere.
Hey!
Oh stop.
What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I?
Were you this cute in high school?
No you stop!
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out?
Well why didn't you take the job?
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Oh my God! Rachel Green?
Good-good, I'm-I'm married.
Yeah. Right.
Wow! How are you?!
Ohh! Me too!
Really?
Do you uh, do you talk about me?
Yeah, yeah, all the time.
But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Yeah, take your time.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! Still not yelling!
Y'know what daddy? If you don't like Ross, that's fine. It doesn't matter to me, I'm gonna go out with him anyway.
Really?!
Wow. What can I say? This doesn't make me like you any better!
So you two are really serious?!
Yeah, check out the ring.
Oh my God!!
Yep, pretty much.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
Shake it off.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
It was just a kiss.
That's true.
Honey I swear it we just kissed.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
Dude, what are you massaging an old man for?
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Yeah that was stupid. Let's not do that.
Ohh, absolutely.
Yeah, definitely!
It's not a club.
Hey, I thought that guy was married.
He is! But he's getting divorced-Ross! Maybe you know him.
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
We can't do it again.
I've said it! Okay?! But it's over Joey!
I want to do it again.
Why not?
Actually, it wasn't that close.
I'm sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
Well then I demand a recount!
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
I don't think so. Hello? When you get in there...
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
Yeah? Really? No one's home?
Okay, this is where you and I part ways. Noisy bitch!
Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
I used to love to play restaurant.
Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies!
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn't break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
That's right.
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
I can't believe someone would do that for a grade.
What?
He's got a girlfriend!
I know! It's awful. I love you.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
...But a man can change.
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
'Scuse us
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
Oh, forget it, okay?
I don't even wanna hear it, you're just...
Ross.
Ross!
Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Hey, you guys.
Happy birthday.
Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Hi Tushie.
What? Let me see.
No, no, you don't have to see.
Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
It's the off light. Right Ross?
It is off.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light?
Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
It was, it was her voice.
Thank you!
Okay. I gotta call Michelle. I gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry, I just have to.
Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place.
Ah, we'll all go. Come on.
Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
Thanks you guys! Thank you.
Oh hey, hey Mark.
Of Ross and Rachel.
Oh hi. It's, it's Mark.
Hey, hold on a second.
You do Pheebs?
I can't believe no one believes me!
I do, I believe you.
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Umm-hmm.
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Coffee house?
I fell asleep!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
What?!!
You fell asleep?!
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.
You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?
Okay, okay.
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great.
What's up?
Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Guys, I'm happy too.
Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
What?
I made that joke up.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Yeah.
Hey.
Oh! I knew it! What happened?
Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Then what am I supposed to do?
Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
Woohoo!
Yes! My baby's finally free!
All-all right! Start it up! Let's go!
How hot are we?
You've had feelings for me?
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Wait a minute, look.
Mon?
'Gone for more jars. Back later. Monica Geller.'
What?
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
But sadly I could not be enticed.
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
That sounds fair.
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Either that or my mouth is getting smaller.
Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
Is your tongue swelling up?
All right, get your coat, we're going to the hospital.
Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
It's fine.
Okay, I have to do something. I mean, I have, I have to stop it!
She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!
And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave.
Stop what?!
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Oh, no!
No, it's all right. I got nice boobs.
So?
Argh!
I do too! I do too!
Argh!
Argh!
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Some day, maybe.
Funny book?
Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.
So, for the whole weekend?
What's going on?
Well, we were um, sorta invited to go skiing, y'know Rachel's sister's cabin.
We're really sorry, but um, she did ask us first.
Well that's the first time we've said that.
Yeah.
Well I love you too.
Yes it is.
No, you started it.
Why?
He started it!
You did!
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Are you sure?
Oh, that's me.
Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. Okay Rach, that's you. That's the couch.
Whoa-oh, what's-what's that?
Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
Maybe it was the guy.
It was the ring!
No! He blew us off!
Okay, good bye!
What-what was it you were gonna tell us?
Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Hey guys!
So Pheebs, do they know about each other?
Does a dog's lips move when he reads? Okay, no they don't.
Hey.
Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Umm...
Come on, it's fun!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
All right! Isn't this a woman's hat?
No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
No!!
Just get out! Now!!
Okay! All right! How was she?
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Strip Happy Days Game?
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Well..
Yeah...
Hi.. how was the game?
WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!
JOEY!!!!!!
Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here! Ross! Come on!
Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
What's that supposed to mean?
Ohh, okay. Something didn't quite add up there.
Ross!
Ross!
What? You forgot fourteen states?
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
Nobody cares about the Dakotas.
...But a man can change.
Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
Still?!
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
He's great! I mean we have such a good time together! He's so funny, and sooo sweet, and I'm not attracted to him at all!!
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Well, up yours too!
Yay!
Definitely.
See there you go. Woo! We're out of the woods. Okay, I'll get dressed now.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Sure. Why not?
Yeah?
If anyone asks, we'll just say Ben addressed them. Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
Really?
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
Okay? You ready?
Yeah, I... I don't want Stevie to see her like this.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.
Yeah, you're right.
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
You slept with another woman?
That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Did I, did I even treat?
No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Here's my retainer!
Sweetie, you think you can get in there?
I don't see why not.
I was just thinking. When my time comes-
I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...
Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
Oh, hmm.
Joshua.
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Ross, the heat!
Did you just break the radiator?
Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Well, you can help me!
Okay.
Nice!
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
No, I will not cave.
Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Oh wow, I didn't get you anything. Here's five back.
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
This is your place?
But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man!
Goodnight.
Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. What?
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
Mmm. Oh, no-
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
Yeah, is there a hair on it?
What happens if you flick it?
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
I want to go to the bathroom.
Uh... to the bathroom.
Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza.
Okay. This stuff?
Ohh.
Okay. Let's use this brush.
Yeah.
Although I was married to her.
You know how close women can get.
Susan and I live together.
Carol, not me.
C'mere, Marcel.
Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon.
C'mere, Patti.
C'mere, Patti.
Doorknob! Doorknob!
Oh-ooh!
What?
Oh! Sorry! Umm, I actually do need to talk to you.
No. no.
Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
I'm getting my cigarettes out of my jacket.
Whad'ya mean no?
No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
I'm so sorry.
What am I gonna do?
Monica, Monica, you know what gets out hummus.
What, that wasn't the great news?
Thanks.
And now for the great news.
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
All right!!
Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.
I can still see you!
Hey.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
Oh.
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
No. But I remember people telling me about it.
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
You be cool.
Okay, which one of you guys is Gunther Central-Perk? Hey, Joey?
Way to be cool, man.
And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
It's perfect.
Well then we'll get wet.
It's a clown kit! Clown kit!
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Oh look, look there's your old makeup kit!
Well, the white seems to be untouched. Uh-oh.
I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
No!!
He has sex, and we get hit in our heads.
Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Just get out! Now!!
I don't know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
What? We could do it!
I can do it, okay? Come on, let's go.
Maybe I should open a divorced men's club.
So you wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
Dude that is so sad.
Hi Whitney.
Oh yeah-No-You're welcome. We'll talk about it later.
Okay.
Hi Ross! You ready for breakfast?
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
What.
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Dysprosium.
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Oh well. It probably would've been the most constructive solution.
What?
Stupid balls are in the way.
You have chalk on your face.
Got me.
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Remember when we were in high school together?
Really? That okay, that's great.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Oh that.
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
Oh, hello.
No no, that's me.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...
Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?
Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
Told ya.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
Yeah sure.
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
Oh, no-no, y'know I absolutely adore Rachel it's just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it's absolutely your decision. More tea?
Earl Grey?
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Yeah?
Yeah. Could you just sign right here please?
Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
Well I'm, I'm a little slow. Just as our children would be.
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
It took you that long to figure it out, huh?
Hi!
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
...and live forever as a machine!
Yeah, I gotta go.
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
And those guys were this close to lettin' us play this time too.
Hey look-look, Phoebe's talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.
Monica, I'm cutting you off.
No. No, just, just, just a couple more boxes. It-it-it's no big deal, all right, I'm-I'm cool. You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!
Oh God!
Sure, what's up?
Hello.
I need to talk to you!
Oh, sorry. I meant Chandler.
Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
All right.
I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
You know, I think I might just.
Ugh. It's definitely getting worse.
Ugh.
Oh my god.
Is your tongue swelling up?
Well you said you couldn't go out so....
Hi!
Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That's it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.
No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Come on man, you drove all the way up here.
Thank you.
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
Okay, we'll give a call if anything comes up.
Great! Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Come on, would you grow up? It's no big deal.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
Rosss...
All right. Fine.
Well, can you blame her?
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Hey, you wet my pants!
Yeah!
What are you talking about Pheebs? I don't... Oh my God, you drew on me?!
Whoa, what kind of party was this?
G'night.
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
Night Richard. Good luck Mon.
How about all the way.
Mmm-Hmm.
Maybe I'll just turn the lights down a little.
Okay.
And the place looks so nice!
Hey!
Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!
Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Happy Thanksgiving!
And the place looks so nice!
Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Umm?
Jen, I know this may sound a little... But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
Sure! That would be nice.
Oh! My number is on there. Give me a call.
Woah, ho-ho, whad'ya got there, a weapon?
Yes, we're standing out ground...apparently.
Let's do this alright.
It's a nice watch, I don't wanna break it on your ribs.
Yeah, okay you're right.
Yeah.
So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!
Yeah.
Come on, two on one.
Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Hmm.
Oh come on, not again.
I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
For every night that you're asleep before I get home from work...
What's the matter? You okay?
I'm glad you're here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Ohh...
Yeah, it's just y'know...
And you didn't marry him because...?
Come on.
No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Yeah!! Yeah!
Easy tiger.
So what are you going to do?
Pregnant?!
Why- why are you here, Carol?
I'm pregnant.
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Yes. I was just warming up the earpieces for you.
Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
Are you wearing my glasses?
Thank you. Is that one of my cigarettes?
Oh look, a low budget puppet show.
Alright you kids, bye now.
Bye.
It's such a shame you can't see which finger I'm holding up.
I am dressed.
We have 8:00 reservations at Grammercy Bistero.
Wow, that's in like 20 minutes. You'd better get dressed.
Oh. Well good! For me. What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Aqui est.
Oh, look, he's waking up!
hey, fella! How you doing?
A quin pidio el pollo General Tso?
Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
London baby!!
Hey, y'know what? I was wrong.
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Dad!!
You-you have to meet me in the middle here.
Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
What-what's going on?!
Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! All right Rach, let's go!
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
Yeah! Are you kiddin'?
What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
Nothing, I'm-I'm just, I'm so comfortable with you!
Do you not want to be seen with me?
Uh no, they're still here but I think I'm about to leave.
What is that?
Joey, get out of the fridge.
All right, all right.
For the ride.
Save it.
For the ride.
Yeah, like in a cab...
Okay, hating this.
Monica, come on now. Let's go, baby coming.
Save it.
Okay, hating this.
I can't belive it, I'm gonna be an aunt. I'm gonna have like a nephew.
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
I can't. I keep seeing it the good way.
Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
You look pretty tonight.
It's the off light. Right Ross?
Lookin' good Mr. Cotter.
Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
You look pretty tonight.
Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Not for tonight. Not for tonight! Wh-what, what, what, are you doing?
Oh, it's perfect! But not for tonight.
Well, of course not for tonight. Yeah, hi!
No honey, we're sorry, we didn't mean it. I love you. I love you.
Well ah, you wanna just stay out there?
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Can I see that for second.
You bought Shawn Cassidy!
No.
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
Yeah... I guess. I don'tI don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK?
He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Course there, they just call it food.
Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date.
Monica.
Honey, I'm just checking.
What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
What?!
Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it's time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don't' you think?
Yeah, I-I really do. Hey! This-this was a gift?!
Yes, I do.
Good.
Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
The little ones do.
Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac...
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
Yeah?
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Is that supposed to be an insult?
I don't know, I'm very tired.
That sounds great.
Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
She took all my stuff.
That's the best one! Oh my God, thank you so much!
Hey listen man, about the stripper...
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
I don't have anything.
Yeah?
Hey-hey, what are those?
Thanks for not marrying Rachel.
Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don't-don't forget your shirt.
Oh, little party favours, check it out!
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
No. I'm saying it's now.
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
So what are you saying? It's now or never?
Or?
Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Art.
Art it is.
Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
What? Where?
Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow.
Ooh, Ross, look! Look!
Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
The physical act of love.
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
And um, what-what is that Ross?
What?! Are you crazy?
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Hey!
Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
The test is ready.
Yeah! Yes!
Oh yeah!
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Kinda. Oh my God!
Hey!
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Hey, you guys! Guess what?
Ow!!
Oh God!
Got a job on a river boat?
I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
Oh.
Do you have a moment to talk about your lecture?
Monica Gellerrr.
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
What's happening to your accent?
Oh, oh Chandler...
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
I don't sound like that.
Oh... Yeah, you do.
Hey, honey.
Oh that's my doodle of a ladybug, with a top hat. She's fancy.
Hello.
Oh, hi.
Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Yeah, ah, but Pheebs don't you think he's a little young to get married?
What, he's 18.
Yeah, or-or to get a hooker.
Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
Yes.
Ohh, it's a bit small.
It was.
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Yes, tell me.
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Sorry.
I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Oh, yeah.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
Of... of what?
You're jealous because I'm a real doctor.
Hey, you listen.
Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight.
Hey.
Hey.
Goodnight.
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
Wait, you guys think I stole some ring?
Yeah!
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Hi. Mom. Dad.
Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
Hey.
Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.
I don't think you have much choice.
Why am I not surprised?
Y'know what Ross? I'm not gonna let you get away with this!
Well we'll see!
I can't believe you hated me.
And that wasn't fun for you?
Duh-huh!
Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.
Mm.
Mm-hmm..
A lot.
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
No, she's at a faculty meeting.
Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
I'm in.
I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars.
Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Naa.
What? C'mon, talk to me.
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Get out.
Yeah.
Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.
No.
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
But...
OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?
It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
Noo.
You're kiddin'.
Oohhh.
I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
Nooo, I had to return it to the costume place.
Hmm.
You remember not having sex in high school, right?
Then be supportive like a guy.
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.
If I broke up with you, I'd miss you.
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
Thanks. I-I think I'm dying. I really do.
Oh, poor baby.
Ross, they are killing you out there!
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
I'm not even... I'm not even...
Yes! Shame about you man.
Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.
Yeah. I understand. I understand. Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!
Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Carol our sex life is-it's just not working...
Dad!!
Yay!
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat.
Well, actually the last place you were sitting was in there . Soo...
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
What about the time I said we were on a break?
Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
Ugh!
Could you be less enthused?
It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
So...Thank you.
Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Ooooohhhh.
What's with all the bottles of liquor?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
Not broad backed!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
Wait a minute, y'know, you're bringing me!
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
That won't be necessary.
Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Hmm? Oh, a student I don't know.
I was wondering if I could talk to you for a moment?
Making out in your office.
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
Hey!
God Ross, what is that?
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
Lift!! And slide!
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Ross, I really don't think...
Okay, here we go.
So, then you can stay as long as you want.
One more day, seriously/
Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.
I wish I could.
I love it, when we share.
Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate.
Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
You're okay there?
Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
Rachel, you didn't tell me your boyfriend smoked.
Yeah, like a chimney.
Are you wearing my glasses?
Some would say she's attractive, yes.
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
And who else is going to be there?
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
Oh yes.
Well this doesn't even smell like opium.
Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents.
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Huh?
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Op, this is saved. Gift shop.
Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Yeah.
You can tell us.
Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
I can do that.
Really?
Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
Then I won't have to kill you.
I, Ross...
After what he just said, you're paying for the whole bloody lot.
I think we'd better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross...
Take thee, EM-I-LY...
Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
Like what?
Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Did you really hear a bear?
You and your ice.
Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! No! Not in there! He's in there!
Go-go!
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Is he gonna be ok?
Yeah, he's just gotta get a shot.
Jacket now.
Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
So whaddya got there Monica?
Just some stuff for the party.
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
Phoebe, it's been two days.
Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing it's one of those 801 numbers. Right?
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
My foot is stuck in the pocket.
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
What?
You're not laughing.
I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.
This time it's not so funny.
So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?
Okay...
What's up, Ross?
Yeah!
I got it!
Come on. I got it.
Oh, give it to me.
Give it!
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Then why are you smoking?
Well it's very unsettling.
Ah, Susan will be so pleased.
Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at...
We're really gonna do this, huh?
Looks like it.
I got it!
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Nuh-uh.
Yuh-huh.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Yeah, save it for the cab, okay.
Monica, let's go. Come on now people, woman in labor.
Hey Ross, look what I've got going here.
What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
It was you, pal.
Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Well, you owe me one, big guy.
How you doing?
Great to see you!
Good to see you too!
Good. Bye!
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
Yeah, anything goes, except ah, eye gouging and fish hooking.
What's fish hooking?
What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
Multiple orgasms!
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
You are? Me, too!
Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Cool!
Celebrities I'm allowed to sleep with.
Okay, I've got three of my five.
Three of your five, what?
Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.
We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later.
I didn't get the annulment.
What?!
What are you doing?
I can't believe it. Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
What?!
I know!
Can I tell you something? Me too.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Ok, that's me.
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Ooooooh.
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
No. Now maybe.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Did they just kill off Joey?
C'mon.
Department of Sanitation?
I'll be right back. Make yourself comfortable.
Guess who?
It's me!
Cool!
Okay!
Okay!
All right!
No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Uh-huh.
Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
This place is really beautiful!
I've never seen it!
Oh you should, it's great.
Yeah, I've been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma's.
Ooooohh!
Well, what happened?
Well, he came in for a massage, and everything was fine until.
My God.
Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
So, let's go.
Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
Too?
Do you mind telling us what it is?
Come on.
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Oh my God. Congratulations.
What's up?
Monica and I are engaged.
Thanks.
I guess it's worth a try.
What's a koondis?
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Oh. And how was the date?
Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
You've had feelings for me?
Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Chandler told me.
This is Ross?
Hi, is Rachel there?
And who may I say is calling?
Ross of.....
Right.
Please.
No, really, c'mon. You're smart, you're sexy...
You are gonna be fine, believe me.
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
I know.
My job!
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
No. No.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
Yes, it is. Carol! Hi!
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
You don't want to believe me, I'm Mr. Funny to you. Mr. Funny...
We're kidding!
Ross, don't. Ross!
Whoa!!
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Really?
Great!
No, but, your-your mad.
Right. Right, okay, okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
It's fine.
I'm not mad.
It's also a sign of friendship.
It's nothing, I just gave her a hug.
Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson.
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Well, call me if you change your mind.
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.
Hey!
What? Why not?
What?
You and Rachel.
Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
Flip me for it? No, no, no... heads, heads, heads!
I see. So what do you propose to do?
I will flip you for it.
On your back... Mom.
Breathe.
It is.
Isn't!
Breathe.
Calm down. There's no reason to get testy.
Ah, good to meet you. Robert.
What? What? You guys, what is going on? You not like Robert? Why are you laughing?!
You guys!! Come on!
Good.
Fine.
'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Good.
Oh, well...
Oh, no, no, no, it's-it's not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....
Oh, please tell me it's not because I'm going with Mark.
Oh my God!!! Ross!!
Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Oh, well...
Oh my God!!! Ross!!
Because, he's my friend.
Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Ohh! That's so great!
I know!
Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
All right, I'll do it.
Hello!
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Emily?
No, no, don't. Why don't we?
What?
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Why don't we what?
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Oh no, not yet.
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
Someone at work ate my sandwich!
Hi.
What's wrong buddy?
Well, what did the police say?
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
Hey!
Yeah!
What?!
Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
No.
No that made me feel precious.
Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
What do you like better flora or fauna?
Fauna.
Garfunkle.
Because it's weird!
We can't do it again.
Why not?
Fine! Do you want something to drink?
Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from...Texas.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
Ah...ooh! Well, looks like, uh, we kicked your butts.
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...
We should get over there and see if she's okay. Just one...second! Score! Game! Come on.
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Why, why, why would you dream that?
Wow!
Exellent dream score.
More importantly, was I any good?
Oh man.
Hey.
Ohh, brisk tonight.
Let's never speak of this.
All right then.
You're livin' the dream.
Huh?
Oh, not my parrot.
Okay, I'm done with my choices, these are final.
Hey!
Hi! Bye!
Well, it's about time.
I do not always have to be-okay, okay.
No you do-y'know what, you're not gonna suck me into this.
Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.
Jurassic Park could happen.
Oh no-no-no, I'm there.
Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Yeah, I know but...
Hey!
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Does it look like a urinal?
Eww!!
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
Yes it is. See.
Elizabeth Hornswoggle?
Horn-swoggle.
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Nice!
Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Joey!
Thanks.
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Ross!
No, just give me another minute.
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up!
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Here, go nuts.
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Yeah.
Hey guys.
Man, I sure miss Julie.
Well, somebody got some last night.
Twice.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
Are you jealous?
Ahh, no.
Oh.
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?
Well that's not a third nipple.
No?
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
No.
That's what I said.
Oh. Yeah?
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
What? What?
Oh, forget it, okay?
Ross!
Hey! Hey, Bananaman!
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Right...
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
Okay.
I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
Oh, well, I'm so glad you brought him here then.
How about we settle this right now! There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
I paid for those tickets!
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
Weirder than watching his two moms make out?
Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
What?!
Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you.
What're you talkin' about?
Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.
What?
C'mon, happy family gets a dog, frontier fun.
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
I sort've already asked Chandler.
What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
And then Joey remembered something.
I'd seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Ewwww!!
That is correct.
According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
The Irish gig guy?!
Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Oh!
Everyday use.
How hot is this?!
Hello Ross. I love what you've done with this space.
Thank you so much.
I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
A part of him did yes.
Yes, we were just...
Susan is Carols, Carols, Carols, friend...
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
Im sorry, I didnt get... Susan is?
Life partner.
Oh, it's my new beeper.
I could do that.
What are you playing with?
What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
OK.
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
Are you actually saying these words?
Whoa-ho-ho! Yeah, okay.
Awwwahuh, no, no, no!!
Small...
You are so just doing this out of spite.
Huh?
I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Come on look guys, don't fight.
Beautiful!
What's the score?
Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third.
Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker?
Now I'm depressed! ... Even more than I was.
Thank you. They're yours.
Actually they were Nana's.
Hey, who's this little naked guy?
No problem, ok, mmmwa oh, mmmwa Susan...
No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
Well, thanks for the books.
All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona?
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Yeah, you're right.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
Okay, fine, fine. You don't want to believe me? No, that's fine.
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
We're kidding!
Total wuss!
I gotta go check something over here.
What a baby.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
I'm getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!
I can't imagine why.
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
Morning, Ross.
Oh, come on!
Well, you would know.
Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
Ross, drugs? Divorced? Again?
What happened son?
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
It's a rug.
Really?
Ross, wants a pajmena?
Jill?
Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
And you're afraid you won't be able to...fill his shoes.
No, I'm afraid I won't be able to make love as well as him.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
The paper.
Okay. I-I can't watch.
What 'cha readin'?
Yeah, what's it about?
What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.
Oh. Okay, bye.
So what are you gonna do?
Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
Yeah, I-I really do. Hey! This-this was a gift?!
Ross, you got that for free from the museum gift shop.
Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
How can you not believe in evolution?
Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
Really? You can actually see it?
How could you have told her?
Thanks for trying. Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
Yeah, then-then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain?
Ross, I didn't think it would that big of a deal.
No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.
Hey.
Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...
I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
That is one good looking man!
Hi!
Hi!
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
I couldn't even if I wanted too.
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
It just amazes me that your still pulling stuff like this.
Wow!
Wow, what?
Pulling what? It's second down.
Petty...
I'm just trying to help you, move on.
Oh, you are a petty man. You are a petty, petty....
Petty...
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
I don't want a ghost.
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
Okay, obviously you don't know much about the U.S. government.
Don't blame the questions!
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn't gotten the question wrong!
Well it stupid, unfair question!
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
And condoms are the way to do that?
Oh my God! My dog died!
Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Are you aware that you're still talking?
Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
Well, that's cool. So did...
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Oh! No, not really.
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
I didn't finish my five pages.
Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Are you sure?
Oh, they cut me out of the show.
What?!
Maybe your scene's coming up?
And she's supposed to buy this?!
Oh no!
I'm comin' out!
Joey, bravo!
This is-you-
Daddy!
Fine! Two minutes. Go.
1 minute 50 seconds.
I'm familiar with his work, yes...
Phoebe, what is it?
All right, you know Paolo?
Well, he made a move on me.
Rach!
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you?
Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
I'm back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
Y'know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
You have no trouble telling time now right?
Just go for it Chandler.
Yeah?
Yeah!
Yeah, you should.
No, not this time. So... what'd you have?
Me too. Rachel.
Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. What do you say... want to waste another buck?
I'm not telling.
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Yeah. So...
Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Okay, for next time, what do you say?
I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
He didn't turn me down! He's at the game isn't he? I got the date, I'm just not on it!
It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.
Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I could kill you with my thumb, you know.
What was all that about?
Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It's bad luck.
Y'know-thanks!
Right?
Right!
Okay, I'll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Hey!
Hey.
No, she's out shopping.
You guys.
Yes, please don't spoil all this fun.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Oh, God.
Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Because, I'm not wearing any underwear now.
It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Wha-, you have a phone in here?
Hey, nice toilet.
No no no, behind it.
That's right, I have a phone in here.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
Yeah! Se vice?
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
Oh!
Si.
Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that...hot dog.
Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.
Yeah-No!!
I'm all done.
What? It's, it's just a phase.
Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
Well, that's what we said about Joey...
OK, well, um, have a nice evening.
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Well, yeah, this is the deal.
Um, Russ, you ready?
Marenge,
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
Your liking it, huh?
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Who's that?
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Nobody.
I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.
Oh yeah, I'd love that.
Oh, great! Me too.
Okay, yeah. Triple A can pick us up.
I made fun of his accent.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
You sat back and let him have her, you didn't fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
Yep! That's hilarious!
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Oh, it's not the ideal way...
Crazy.
What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Oh, thanks!
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Should we do something?
Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
All right, I'll take a box of the cream filled Jesus's.
Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities?
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Because they'll know we've been listening.
God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
....I have to go to China.
The country?
Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
That's my sister.
OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
Whoooaa!
OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
No-o-o! No way!
Aww, thank you.
Okay, who's next?!
Come on, please?! I'm boredddd! You let me do it once before.
FINE BY ME!!
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Okay. Hey-Ooh, cool sheets!
Sure!
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
Two days before Christmas? Sorry, man.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Okay. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
She didn't hang up either!
Rach! Rach!
I know!
Had the beef-tips, huh?
Hi!
Well. Hey...
Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one.
That's the best one! Oh my God, thank you so much!
Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!
Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Does she.
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Well, she has issues.
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Oh, I'm sure.
Well, umm, why don't you give him a call?
Okay. Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
What the hell was that?!
Great. I'll see you later!
Okay, bye!
What?
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Please Rachel, I am not an idiot.
No, wait Phoebe.
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
What time?
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
Oh, because I was thinking, the semester's over; you're not my teacher anymore.
Oh, y'know what? Forget it, you already gave me an A.
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What... Oh God...everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
How are you ever going to sell this place?
I think I accidentally used Monica's boxes to keep the water away from the Porsche.
You don't secretly smoke do you?
Yeah, well...
Feminist issue. That's where I went!
She is gonna hate me.
Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Oh no, you're the best.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.
I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Come on!
All right, that's it, you guys! What happened out there?
What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me.
What happened? Joey?
Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Jingle bells, jingle bells...
Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer...
Why would I tell him?
Do they wait for me to do this?
So are you gonna tell him?
How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Dude!
No, you're my first. Put the money on the table.
Oh, yeah! Ooh, that's nice.
Is that an expensive blouse?
Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
Phoebe? Phoebe?
Ooh.
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
That was you?
Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You're a teacher. I'm a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
Oh, because I was thinking, the semester's over; you're not my teacher anymore.
Ohio!! Thank you!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, so she went back to Ohio.
Huh! Where is the dog?!
Oh, no no, I am.
Goodnight.
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Yeah. That's Daddy.
Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Yes! Please!
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
You want my advice?
You're not gonna like it.
Dude, we were good!
Her dancer friends?
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
You're not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you're gonna eat here!
Well, not playing raquetball!
Hey.
What're you guys doing out here?
He forgot to leave his grip size!
...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...
....and....
Say it... say it!
....with??
All right, I'll see you guys later.
You guys wanna get some coffee?
Yeah.
Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Oh, let me see!
Yeah.
Well, Mon, I was married.
All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Yeah, me, too, technically.
Found it.
It is Judy.
Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
I'll take that dad.
Ok fine.
Yeah.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Thank you.
Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
I think on some levels she already knows.
Okay, well maybe not on those levels.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Yeah, we'll be fine.
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
We?! We angered it?!
What?! What?!
We appear to have angered it.
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
I'll try.
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
Hello?
What's the second part of your plan?
My Saturn dealership.
Ross.
Monica couldn't tell time 'til she was 13!
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
It's hard for some people!
What? I'm kidding. You know I'd never let him touch the Porsche.
Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .
Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence.
OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
Yours, I just got 43 points for 'KIDNEY'.
It's just a fur ball.
Okay... ..whose turn is it?
No, no, you got zero points for 'IDNEY'.
No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
I didn't get a cat.
Oh, that's um, interesting.
Alright, I got it Ross.
Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Do the claws again.
Ross, there is no us, OK.
Totally!
Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Yeah, did I fool ya?
So it did go well.
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Hi!
Hey!
Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
Your not going.
No.
I'm just not going.
Right.
Aww, is it broken?
Hey.
Hey.
No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks.
Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like ten minutes left!
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
I know, I know! What am I going to do? Ooh!
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Who is also in charge of purchasing.
Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Oh. And how was the date?
Hey Rach.
Ahhhh.
Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . .
Isabella Rosselini.
Thank you.
Um, coffee to go, please.
Are you serious? Oh my God.
Oh, I hope they're not ruined.
You are a frightening, frightening man.
Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
He didn't get the goggles!
Well, not playing raquetball!
He forgot to leave his grip size!
Well,sounds like you two have issues.
Do they wait for me to do this?
Goodbye, baby.
Ciao, bela.
So are you gonna tell him?
Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
All right, there you go!
I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!
I'm Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.
Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!
I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Oh, that is so sick.
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Thank you.
What about you honey, who would be on your list?
What a geek!
Oh I'm, I'm making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
I don't know, I don't know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Okay. Wait! Wait!
Emily.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot
Phoebe!
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Yeah?
Or Joseph.
And it can't be Joey.
It's not.
Oh.
Ah-ha, nowhere to run!
I am!!
You're look for laughable...
I don't like sitting up here! I'm just gonna over...
Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
Ross, it's okay. You can come out.
Yeah Ross it's okay, it's me, Mr. Stevens.
Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach.
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
And I just want a million dollars!
Mmm. Oh, no-
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
Goodnight.
Sorry-
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
I knew.
I did.
Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Yeah, maybe...
Goodnight.
Oh, by the way, great service tonight.
You can totally, totally live on this.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh! Yeah!
Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Ross, what's the matter?
Come on, show me.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
Come on, show me.
Oh, everything's pink.
See?
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that?
Ahhhh!
Huh.
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
...Chandler!
Hey.
You were right.
Rachel. Rachel Rachel. I love you the most.
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
You were right.
Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Oh.. you don't get it!
No.
You!
Whaddya got there?
Relax, I'll fix it.
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Great.
Cool... "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel."
Alright.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.
Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
I'm gonna pay for that tonight.
Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. Joey was there too.
All right.
No.
You're bleeding.
It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
What?
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
Hi, honey.
Ok, um, I'll go with you.
Great.
Hey, sweetums.
Ok.
Ohhh.
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Hi guys.
Hey.
Only if you say his full name.
Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Only if you say his full name.
Alright.
Hopefully.
Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
Alright, I got it Ross.
What?
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Mmm hmmm.
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Is your finger caught in that chair?
Want us to go?
Oh my god.
Is everything ok?
Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.
Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
None.
Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?
Oh, God forbid.
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
You know what the. . .
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
Hey guys.
Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.
No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Just one cheek.
Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Well, ya know, they're a little behind the times in Colonial Williamsburg.
Uh, we're going down to Colonial Williamsburg.
Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female blacksmith down there.
Think I better go before mommy starts weeping.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
OH.....MY.....GAWD!!
OH.....MY.....GOD!!
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
Ugh, museum.
Nice to see you again Dr. Green.
So! How's the library?
What happened to the library?
There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
Ugh, museum.
What happened to the library?
You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
What'd you do, take him whaling?
How's my little boy?
He's perfect, he's never been better.
Monica.
Hey! How'd the ah, basketball go?
Hey!
Hey.
Oh, okay, I learned how to shoot a lay-up, a foul shot, and a twenty-three pointer.
Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel?
What?!
No. She doesn't die.
Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
What?
I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
Actually, it's kinda my fault. I-I quit today.
Oh, no, no, no, it's-it's not the lecture ah, I mind, umm....
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Yeah, at the lecture, I told you that last week, you said you didn't mind.
Oh, please tell me it's not because I'm going with Mark.
