Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
What's happening to your accent?
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
Oh, I love you too. But...
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Ooh, it's not a toy.
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
We've only known each other for six weeks!
My parents are going to be really mad.
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Nope.
Do I still call you Ross?
Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Woo-hooooo!!!!
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
That's what?!
That is neither here nor there.
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
Can I have everyone's attention please? I'm uh; I'm Ross Geller.
Doctor Ross Geller.
To the Bings!
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Mm.
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Am I?!
I can't speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.
Maybe.
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
It's not a cat!
Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. A beard and a moustache. Thank you. No, she didn't think so. I know it's like anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh! Okay. Okay, thank you! Yeah, it's not coming off.
Very busy.
Right! Okay.
What?! What else did he say?
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Oh my God, what's goin' on?
They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.
Thanks Ross.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Ugh, can you believe that guy!
Yeah. I really like his glasses.
Sounds like a fun party.
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!
Oh my God, how did you do that?
Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Uh-huh.
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Goodbye Geller.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Goodbye Geller.
All right, I'll tell her. Come on bugger face!
Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do!
Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much.
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Because you sent away the dog!
This is ridiculous.
Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! What's the matter?
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!
All right, it won't go down any further. It's stuck.
Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Okay, London 1...
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
I will sit with you Dr. Geller.
I'm Joey! I'm an actor! I don't know squat about dinosaurs!
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Well maybe he was nervous.
It's OK, it's fine.
Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
Most of you don't know me, I'm Rachel's boyfriend.
Oh dear God.
She you in the parking lot.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
But I...
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Thanks, Dad, really, I ju... you know, I just, I just needed to know, um... when did you start to feel like a father?
So you don't wanna go to Williamsburg?
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
'Cause I know what you're trying to pull here. Okay? It's not gonna work.
I'm not trying to pull anything. Look I love you dude.
Rach?
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Come on that's not fair! I mean you haven't even heard me play!
We have heard you play.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
Yeah! Yeah, sort of. I'm sorry.
That's not what she said last night.
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
I couldn't even if I wanted too.
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best.
Oh no, you're the best.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Yeah right.
OK.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
She said what?
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely.
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek...
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green.
And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open.
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Why? What?
Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Well, yeah, this is the deal.
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.
Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. He just happened to call.
Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know?
That's funny. Who are they?
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
Are you actually saying these words?
Whoa-ho-ho! Yeah, okay.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
It was you, pal.
Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
You got all that from saline solution?
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Oh, here.
See now it feels like Christmas!
So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story.
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Phoebe! Rachel! It's Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! Oh.
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? Hi.
Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Hang in there, it's gonna happen.
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Oh, really?
Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Jeez, what a baby.
Yeah, Ross, way to ruin it. I was just going to get dressed.
You could drink the fat.
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Mon?
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No.
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you're thinking, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you're right, Chandler's not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with...girls.
Well, Chandler and I are in a bar...
Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Ross, I am a human doodle!!
Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
What's goin' on?
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
No. No-no-no-no.
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God... Come and knock on my door...
We'll be waiting for you...
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
Let it be me! Let it be me!
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
All right!
All right, buddy!
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Jeez, you say one thing, and...
You're going to China?
Oh, let me see!
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Well, at least you scared someone.
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Guess what? Ben is going to be in a TV commercial!
What are you talking about?!
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Yeah.
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
What?! Which one?!
The Silly Putty! It's not so silly anymore!
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Yeah, what' going on?
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Awwww!
No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
And somebody took a shot at me!
Really?!
Because a car backfired?
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
After one class? I don't think so.
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Isn't that a kind of sushi?
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it's going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it's crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don't know, this just feels right. Y'know?
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
Hey! That's the day after I stop menstruating! This isn't mine.
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Umm, did you notice anything wierd about Ben today?
No. Why?
Really?!
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here...
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
A sandwich?
Oh, you know what?
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Oh.
Who are these men?
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
Hey!
Hey!
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Done! With time a-to-spare.
Oooh that may be a New World's record
Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states.
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
He gave me a pill for it.
A pill?
Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
The test is ready.
Yeah! Yes!
Oh yeah!
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
...and live forever as a machine!
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
What are you crazy? That's a baby!
He should take the sack?
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Hey guys.
Hey.
Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That's not the reason she's not inviting me!
Joan?
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
You got it.
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
You obviously can't keep away from her.
I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay-and F.Y.I she must've shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don't give a tiny rat's ass."
Hi.
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Yeah well, maybe she should've spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Really?
No, I think that was the whole all.
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
No.
No?
Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now!
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
Oh so-so not really never.
Oh-ho, and mine!
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
And you knew about this?!
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
Do you want me too?
Yeah, sure?
And um, what-what is that Ross?
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
No. no.
Whad'ya mean no?
Get my glasses too.
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
What's happening to your accent?
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
So you didn't mean any of that?!
No you robot!!
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Y'know what? I don't, I don't think Phoebe really wants to come.
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
This is-you-
1 minute 50 seconds.
I'm Irish.
Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
You have a play date with a stripper?!
Man, I gotta get a kid.
Sure, is she married?
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Okay, guys.
All right! Bring it on, you...
Oh my God! Play!
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
Yeah, I do.
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
I'm listening.
See?
He broke that.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Ohhh... I'm fine.
Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Yeah!! Yeah!
Easy tiger.
So what are you going to do?
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Okay.
Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Well actually they're taping tomorrow. I don't really understand why.
Yeah well, do you guys wanna come too?
Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
That'd be good.
Rachel.
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Carol?
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Of course I do.
You're right. Of course you're right.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
What uh-oh?
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
Yeah, it kinda grows on you. Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Oh good.
Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to Florida for a couple weeks.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
It's all right. Sweetheart.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
Umm, it's Cutie McPretty.
Ohh that's so sweet!
Dr. Geller!
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Oh.
How's it going with her?
Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Really?
Great!
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Okay.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
Oh, now you want a favour?
Yes, please.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Wow, that's great Ross, I'm sorry we weren't more supportive before.
That you're not funny or sexy?
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Okay now I wouldn't date you because you seem a little creepy.
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
Okay, I think I might know why my parents don't like you.
You do? Why?
What?! Why did you do that?
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
Well, who wouldn't?!
Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
...is for me not to see you anymore.
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
What the hell are you doing?!
Yeah, and not a very good one.
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
What?!
Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Do you always have to bring him here?
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
No, sorry.
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
She asked-asked you out again?
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
Aren't you with that girl over there?
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
...Yeah.
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
...Yeah?
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
Okay, we'll give a call if anything comes up.
Great! Thank you very much.
Thank you.
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! And not the one on the menu!
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
I found it!
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
What's wrong with the twentieth?
Eleven days before Halloween.. all the good costumes are gone?
The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
How can you not believe in evolution?
Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
Really? You can actually see it?
Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
What?
What?
Uhh, we know, he already did it last week.
If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Hey, y'know, y'know what would make me really happy?
Oh yeah, no, what's that?
That would be great!
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
Ah.
But-but this block is like a whole other world.
Smooth.
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Phoebe!
Yeah?
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Sure.
Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy..."
Nah.
Hey, cheer up! You're gonna see her again, right?
No-no-no, don't-don't do the accent. You've got to see her again.
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
Yeah, sure.
By someone besides Monica?
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Okey-dokey!
There is not one hair on that head.
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
It's still a gift! I got it from the gift shop!
Okay, all right, give me the mug! I'll keep the mug.
You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
What?
You knew about this?
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
You could say that.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Rach, have you never done this before?
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
No.
Of course not, because you're in love with her.
What do you mean, comforted her?
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
But like how?
Yes sir.
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Did you see Betty?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
Okay, okay take a guess.
The hot chicks?
Wow that's actually pretty cool.
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Hey-yeah. Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Hey Ross!
Hey!
What? Oh!
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.

Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.
Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
Oh no, two days, you must be bummed.
Hey that's what all my relationships are like.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
Yeah.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
What? Is it the comet?
No! No-no. Look, there's a bug stuck in tar right here.
Y'know, there's two women dude.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
I like them a lot.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
Oh come on!!
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
Uh no, they're still here but I think I'm about to leave.
Hi!
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Alrightalrightalright. There.
...I think that bitch cracked my tooth.
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Dude, we got to talk.
Okay.
Why would I be mad?
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
So?
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
What?
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Par-tay!
That thing is not coming in here.
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
It'll be great for next weekend.
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
She laughed at you?
It's the Miracle Wax.
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!
How can I help you?
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
Ross, it's too hard.
Ross, you're like my best friend.
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.
Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
Yeah, sure.
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Well yeah, but then...
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
Well...
Of course there's another guy!! This is even more perfect! Now you have to prove your love!
You put your fist through the wall?
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
No it's not.
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
If she's no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Hey!
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Ross, we can handle this.
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
So it's okay to date a student.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
I did.
Yeah, maybe...
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here-but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
I did.
Yeah, maybe...
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Aaaahhhhhhh.
I'm outa here.
Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
Hi.
Hi!
That was her idea, I just gave her a nudge.
Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? This blue suit, or this brown one?
Hey!
Hey!
Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Ya know, the man's got a point.
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
We're not done.
I didn't know that.
Fine, I will.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
What?!!
No!
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Kinda. Oh my God!
Hey!
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
You could.... say you're sorry to her mom.
I think she would like that.
Thank you. We both forgive you.
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Nice!
Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
Thanks.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Never done that before.
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
It does. It really and truly does.
It so does not!!!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. Hey sisters! Wow, we really are bitches.
What the hell are you doing?!
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Ross.
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Why?
That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Little girl misses her cat. Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
Yes, we have to tell her!
Oh, but it's made her so happy.
Yeah.
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!
I totally don't know what you're talking about.
No.
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Professor Geller!
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Oh, which museum?
No, answer his.
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Get your non-believer ass outta my chair!
Well, she'll understand right? It's not like I did it on purpose.
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
Are you yelling at me?!
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
What?!
She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
Oh my God!
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Well umm...
You've been married twice?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Oh my God! Oh my God!
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
Hi!
What is he doing here?!
No! Come on!
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Really?! I mean, really?!!
Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
What are you supporting?
Duh!! Christmas!
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
That is an old, Chinese woman!
He could be in disguise, y'know.
So this is your office?
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
No, no, no, you say that proudly.
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
To score the winning touchdown, by the way.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
We should help him!
I... Well, I don't think they need any help.
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Oh, I was unbelievable.
All right, Ross!
Whoa! And the... huh-huh?
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Then why are you smoking?
Well it's very unsettling.
Ah, Susan will be so pleased.
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
It's a great class.
Thanks.
Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them...
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
So it's okay to date a student.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife! Oh, I'm sorry! It's unbelievable!
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
You have a son?
Don't worry about it, I just didn't realize you were married.
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Joey!
That one will.
Look, you don't have to talk to it. You can sing to it if you want.
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
No?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
No luck huh?
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Yeah well we should order some food then.
That sounds fair.
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.
You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?
Okay, okay.
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
Seriously?
Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Yeah, I guess.
Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
It's over.
Oh, was it awful?
I wrote you a letter.
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
Aren't you with that girl over there?
I'm sorry.
No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. I would make a good cowboy.
That really is something; that's really cool.
Howdy partner!
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Yes.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Well neither do I!
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Yes.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Well neither do I!
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks.
You really enjoyed yourself didn't you?
I think you've got concussion.
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.
What do we got there?
When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
How-how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?!
Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time.
Ross! Come quickly! There's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
I don't know, it's just...
All right.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Now I do.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Um, see, but that's not the final draft.
It's laminated!
Y'know it's ironic...
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Mmm-Unmm.
Come on. I want to know.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Great!
Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
What?!
Are you serious?!
You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
What thing?
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
I'm gonna do it.
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Ah! Oh.
Sooo!! Anyway...
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
She's doing her laundry.
What's that?
Oh, honey that's awful.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Yeah, no, me neither.
You still want to move in together right?
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
Well I mean, you're American to start with. You don't even have rugby here.
Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much!
I'm so worried about him, y'know?
Somebody lose a ring?
H-h-h-how's the duck?
She said what?
Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Look, I'm sorry.
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
You spit on me man!
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Great. Great.
I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! A party! Yay!! I don't know why.
This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times?
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin' it by the park.
Hey Pheebs?
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
Phoebe.
What?! What the hell?!
What?! Why?!
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Okay!
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
What?
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
..I dunno, a little too Alan?
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
She really said that?
'Tonight' tonight?
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
Oh, yeah, he rode the bus today.
You, you are gonna love this.
Monica said that did she?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Yes, we have something we have to get to.
Thank you so much for this. It was really so thoughtful of you.
What? You're leaving?!
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
With that moustache doesn't Chandler remind you of Aunt Sylvia?
Thank you.
No luck huh?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
No luck huh?
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
What're you doing?
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Oh, yeah sure, Ok.
Uh, I'm holding Ben.
Chandler!
Fine.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Yeah?
Yeah, it is.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Yeah. It's gonna be weird.
Hey.
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here...
Hey.
What're you guys doing out here?
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
What?!!
No!
Yeah, she's fired.
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
Thank God.
You've done all you can Dr. Wesley. You have got to let her go.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
I will flip you for it.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
No.
Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
I'd love some juice. Thanks.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
No?
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
Oh, I love you too. But...
No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can'tyou can't do...
OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here!
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Settle what?
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Oh. Right.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
C'mon Rachel.
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
Freakish.
His indian name?
No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so.
Wow.
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Dude! That's my sister!
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Look!
Give me that!
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
...Yeah?
Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.
I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . .
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Oh, the guys are here.
You bug me.
It does in mine!
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
Yeah.
No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
You be okay?
Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. What?
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
What do you mean?
You seem to really like her.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
All right.
Really?
No, I knew.
Ok, everybody, there's food and drinks on the table. Go across the hall.
Okay. Ben? Come here. All right, I'm gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Okay.
Yeah I think so.
Because, because I've got Ben.
Why not?
I've got Ben.
It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
It's ok. I'm sorry.
Oh my god.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Kills you?
Ohhh!
What's going on?
Hey!
Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
What is it?
No, no, no, this weekend guys!
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
It'll be great for next weekend.
It'll be great for next weekend. I mean, it'll be grrreat.
Emily!
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
Oh my God! What are you doing here?
Yeah, so if you haven't already had it, chances are you're gonna get it.
Well, I just spoke to Carol. Ben's got the chicken pox.
Oh no.
Well I've had it.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Wow!
Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
I know!
Hi.
And they weren't looking at you before?!
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Yes, yes it is. In prison!
Cupping.
That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
I said name one!
It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
Y'know, he hums when he pees!
I do know.
We're so sorry.
Let's, let's take this outside? Who talks like that?
I know.
Alright, let's take this outside.
The guy that's about to kick your ass talks like that.
Uh-huh, I see that.
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
How's it gonna be all right?!
Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Hi!
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
To wear in front of people?
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and what-what is uh, what's this?
It's a bathing suit?
Is that supportive?
Oh.
Yeah. Hey, remember the time I jammed that pencil into your hand?
Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
Try telling my wife that.
I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
Okay to come in?
Ohhh.
Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
What's wrong with the twentieth?
Well, yeah!
No.
I mean don't you trust her?
Then get over yourself! Grow up!
I-I-I...
What?
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Makes me wanna puke!
Phoebe!
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Really?
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
No, 10 is the highest.
Why is 10 the highest?
I don't want to marry Chandler!
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
It's not a club.
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
They have that on the napkins at the club.
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. Here's Warren's number.
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! Oh, thank you!
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
All right, maybe it means that too...
Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
No. No-no. No. What would you do next?
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
Well, she would take her keys and try to jam them...
Who? Me the attacker?
What, what.
Monica.
Mon.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Hi! It's me.
Hi! Oh, I'm so glad you called.
Hey, what do you want to drink?
Hey!
Yes.
Hey.
Hi.
I was just leaving.
Monica, you're so lucky! He's like the most popular guy in school!!
I know!! Chip? Hi! It's Monica. 'Kay. 'Kay. Okay. Okay, good-bye. Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!!
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
And Monica knows...
Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
In the bank.
You were fired? What're you gonna do?
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
Did you say something?
Yeah, all right, it's a date.
Hang in there. You hang in there.
No, just singing.
Yes, yes!
Yeah.
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here..
Okay.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Right. No big deal.
In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
How do you know? You don't have a watch.
I don't know.
All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
A lot of other gas smells...
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Well okay!
Oh the humanity.
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
Who's your roommate?
I'm sorry. Was I not supposed to?
Helps a little.
Yeah.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I made a fool out of myself.
Is there room on that step for a pathetic loser?
Y'know, hey! You're the one who ended it, remember?
You don't know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!
All right! Ross, do you think it's easy for me to see you with somebody else?
Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
It was a hug!
It's also a sign of friendship.
Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson.
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Wow!
You're kidding.
No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
About what?
Hey!
So, what do you think?
Yeah, what?
Look, I don't care it starts at eight, we can't be late.
That's, that's funny. Change!
Hang on a second I just got in.
We could not, would not want to wait.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
So I nodded off a little.
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
All right! You go get him! Let's go!
I wasn't sleeping.
So! Ross doesn't really decorate his tree with floss, but you don't hear him complaining do you? God!
Bad dream?
Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe's song about?
I can't believe this is happening.
Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
I know.
What's her last name?
Your good friend?
Yeah!
Carol...Lesbian?
Thank God.
Cassie, how you-how you doin' on that...hot dog.
I'm all done.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. Helloo!
Wow, uh, anything else I should know?
Nope, nope, that's it.
Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain.
Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!!
Ohh, get these things out of me!
I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs!
Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
That's a good point.
Yeah.
Okay, great!
Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this.
Caitlin!
Caitlin!
It's uh, $12.50.
I don't know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Rach, he's not an ex-con.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
Okay.
Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
About the yelling.
No, because your not upset.
Right.
Right, and the humiliating.
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all?
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Technically, huh, no.
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.
Oh.
Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Here you go.
Okay. Let's bring it in.
Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.
That almost hit me in the face.
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Hit me!
So what! I still have-No you're probably right.
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
Ross, she's 25 years old.
Hi!
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Not all bad.
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, I missed you too.
Hi!
Hey! I missed you.
Thanks for everything, I had such a great time.
You, you sure you need shoes? Okay.
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Wait! Where's my shoes?
Do I know why we're rushing?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
Uh, no, it's-it's just this person.
Really? Who's number two?
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Like a date type person?
Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.
Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?
Hey! Which one's my turkey burger?
Hey, the fight's starting!
Ah, Cheryl!
Oh! Ah. Aw!
What?
Oh, Ross!
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Look, all we're trying to say is, don't let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Yeah. The '92 Ross wouldn't.
What-yeah-what, y'know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
That is so smart! Break it off. Break it off now.
Hey! Ross!
Just a smidge.
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Ooh, this always happens.
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
I'm engaged!!!!!! I'm engaged!!!!
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
No.
No?
Alright, hang on a second there Custer.
.....Hi.
I just... can't do it.
Boys? We're going in.
Wow. That is not a happy hi.
My first time with Carol was...
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Then what?
What?
I'm in for fifty cents.
Alright, check.
Check.
Call.
You-you had what?
We ended up having sex in his chair.
You had sex in his chair?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Sex in his chair.
Rach, I got a message from you. Who's Michael?
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Oh yeah, go ahead.
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Then you should have said something before I met her.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
So, Spock actually hugs his father?
C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
Hey!
Hey.
For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Hiiiiii.
Are... are you OK?
Maybe.
Well, there goes my whole belief system.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.
It's Erica.
Some of your old stuff.
Hi darling.
So, what's this.
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
No.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
No?
No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Is this what you had in mind?
I'll say.
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
That would be me.
Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.
And who laminated it?
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
Shielding your face and shrieking like a girl... is not a backhand.
I was shrieking... like a Marine.
You broke a little girl's leg?!!
Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. How much are the boxes?
Yeah.
So far, I've sold seventy-five.
Five dollars a box.
Hey now! That was an accident, okay.
Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.
You're a big scrud.
I don't have too. I can just look at you.
What's a scrud?
Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
Where in Cuba?
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
Oh come on, not again.
Oh sweetie, when do you think you're going to get off tonight?
Oh I don't know honey. It's gonna be really late.
I know. I'm sorry. Look, I'll make a deal with you all right? Okay?
What a pity stay?
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Noo! I'll stay. He's my brother.
No! We're gonna have fun. We can make fudge!
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Ah! Oh.
Sooo!! Anyway...
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Ohhh.
If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
Ho-ho, I will.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Hey, you guys! Guess what?
Got a job on a river boat?
Oh I see, so this suit is making a point.
That's a duck.
Okay.
Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
That's a bad duck!!! How'd the thing go tonight, Ross?
Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
Well what is it? Is it a mole?
No, it's too wrinkly to be a mole.
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
Hi.
I am Guru Saj.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
What's a koondis?
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Hey!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Fine! We'll ask Phoebe.
It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.
That's correct. Ladies?
What is Monica's biggest pet peeve?
Animals dressed as humans.
Same category?
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
Hey!
Hey-ooh so, how was Vermont?
Oh, hey!
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Huh?
One swift kick and he'll back off.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
Hey, you're right.
You think?
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Yeah.
No. No, I didn't. I didn't want to be that guy.
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
You didn't!
Hello!
All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
I don't know. A month?
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Sometimes we were.
Pretty soon I guess.
So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
This is the last call for Flight 1066 to Athens. The last call.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
You can forget about Emily, she's not with us.
We've come for her things.
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
Go ahead.
Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
Hi!
Hey!
Yes!
Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
I'll take it all.
Well, they're not mine!
Ew-eww!! Undies!
All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's!
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Yeah, okay, hold on! They're not coming on man.
Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
What? What? What?! You guys knew? You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Oh. Uhh...
Oh that's nice.
Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or...
Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
A loser you did it with 298 times!
Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Oh, slides. So really nothing happened.
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Oo-oo!
You wanted to see me Professor Geller?
Yes. Yes! Please, come in.
Doorknob?
Oh no!
You guys kissed! Oh my-this is huge!
No!
No-no, it's really not huge.
Delaware! Delaware!
Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday.
All right.
Hey, y'know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron!
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
Oh that's a nickname we were trying out.
Hey!
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
What?
Oh I don't-I don't know.
Y'know what else makes you wonder?
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
Nothing, it's just that hypnosis is beyond crap.
Ross, I watched you get hypnotised in Atlantic City.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
Jacket now.
We'll watch him.
This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
What?
What's goin' on?
Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!
Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!
Uh... to the bathroom.
Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. Right, OK, serious poker.
Excuse me, where are you going?
Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Yes! Exactly! And that's why...
Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
You do, huh?
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Chandler. I sensed it was you.
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
Hey.
What?!
Unagi. I'm always aware.
Chandler. I sensed it was you.
What?!
Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel?
You should get some sleep.
What?
That is the sweetest thing, I just....
Okay.
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
So?
Yeah?
Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Hi ma.
Happy birthday dad.
Oh thank you.
Happy birthday.
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Well, we could count again.
I can't believe this is happening.
I do.
All righty roo. What a great moment to say that for the first time.
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Get my glasses too.
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
Excellent, that was excellent.
Nooo.
That was amazing!
I can't believe the guys missed this.
A date.
Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.
Yeah, I'm her date.
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
Anyway, we'd like you to come, but we totally understand if you don't want to.
Look I just thought that...
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I know... ..I'm I'm just not that bright either.
Okay, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father.
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Ohh.
Oh?
Oh?
She never tells us anything. Ross, did you know Monica's seeing someone?
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.
What did, what did he say?
What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
All right? What's going on?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone.
Yeah! Y'know, she could use a little... Oh nice shot!!!
Okay, okay! I'm going. I'm going.
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
I'm pressing, a policeman is on his way.
I can still see you!
Events from around the globe.
The paper.
Yeah, what's it about?
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Will you-will you please?
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Yeah, and not a very good one.
Dr. Geller, Kurt Rathman, I'm a professor in the paleontology department here.
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
You just wanna each take one?
Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Well...
Get away from me I said no!
I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep.
Aww, Rach, I think you look cute And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Richard buzzed. He's waiting downstairs.
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
What are you supporting?
Duh!! Christmas!
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Hey, Pheebs.
Chandler? Do you promise to be good?
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
It's my joke.
It's my joke.
Let's have Monica decide.
Thanks.
Ohh.
Let me get you some coffee.
Ooh! Oh!
Well, uh.
No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?
He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Hey, someone order a coat?
No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing!
Well what is it? Let me see.
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Ross, I thought you were over this.
Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
What happened?
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Oh my God.
Yowzah!!!
Come on, would you grow up? It's no big deal.
All right. Fine.
O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Ahh.
Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!
Do you love her?
So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Hey man.
Hey!
Nothing.
Yeah!
What a tool!
You don't want to work for a guy like that.
I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind?
Oh that'd be great. Sure!
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
She's not even here yet.
You have to pick your moments.
Did I miss it, did I miss it?
What's with the guitar?
Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Yeah!
Of course I am! Okay, let's go godfather.
You're not his godfather.
What?! Are you kidding?!
All right!
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
Chandler!
Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
Hey!!!
Ohh, I'm sorry I couldn't think of anymore for Ross!
That was you!
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs...
I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
Ooh! That's so nice...
How we doing, you guys ready?
Is everything all right, dear?
Yeah, just... just Nana stuff.
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
So?
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty."
Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
So, let's go.
Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Grazie.
Thank you.
Cappuccino.
And a nice hot cider for Monica.
Okay. Well, you be careful.
Oh, all right. Tails! Can you-can you see what it is?
No.
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Oh-oh, absolutely!
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
No-no, he's, he's very docile.
Yes.
Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
Even if he were... cornered?
Ow! Ow! Oh, no-no-no!
Oh, come on!
Big bullies!!
Oh, hey!
Easy.
What did they do to you?
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?
Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
What the? What...
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
You dog!
Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
No.
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
What the? What...
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?
Hi!
That's right.
I have an oily T-zone!
Okay dude! Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
You spent a hundred dollars. That's the limit. You're screwed!
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Ohh...
Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Later!
Surely you can think of something good.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
No, absolutely. Y'know like it was umm...
Yeah, just give me a minute! Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
Oh, no!
No-no.
Yeah, big!
Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines.
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
That sounds great.
Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
"...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
Slides are almost ready.
Yeah. Ooh, I know what this is missing! Alcohol!
Oh great!
Oh God, thank you! Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Ross!
How crazy that we'd run into you!
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
