'kay, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again.
You said that was sexy!
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished...
Don't come any closer!
Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
No-no-no, wait! We need something old!
Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?
Okay, what have we always wanted to do together?
yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
: really?
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
It's a globe and, a pencil sharpener.
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Why?
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Since when are you into swing music?
Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
Why would you kill his fish?
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Oh my God! That is so good!
Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Really?
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
There's still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.
Oh please! Yesterday on the subway? You couldn't stop staring at that woman with the big breasts the whole time.
I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! Guess which job I got.
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. What is that?
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Is he alright out there by himself?
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
This is the worst Christmas ever.
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
You were trying to eat it!
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in...vegetables, Joey?
Oh, I Got Tired Of Naming States. So I Decided To List The Types Of Celery, And I Have One regular celery.
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
Ah that's a cantelope.
Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
But that's clearly a joke. This could easily be true.
Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
Yeah, I know! So, what do you think?
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Yeah, whatever.
If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
Oh, well, I can move...
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Let me see that! Oh man!
Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
Come here. Okay, be right back.
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
What?
Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.
He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
I know! They suck!!
I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" "I do".
Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.
Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Ok, bye. Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
This is exactly the kind of social situation that I am not comfortable with!
What?
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
I broke up with her.
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
BEND OVER?!!!
So apparently we just don't pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see?
What? Wait a minute, I didn't pay, I thought you paid!
Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
No, I think we killed it.
Oh it's always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Hey! Good, you're home!
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.
Rach?! Rachel!!!!? So I can't do anything I like????
Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Well, are we all together? Like in a group?
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
I got it! Here we go.
Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.
I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
You're not going to believe this!
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Hello.
Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable?
Thats not how you see me, is it? Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the air: No you're all about the fun.
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
I know. This is really, really huge.
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Yeah, it's really 6:00 tomorrow night our time.
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
Oh, So you can move them!
Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more-
Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
Well she said she had to think things over.
No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
You want me to sing?
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment.
What?
Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
So, so, what'd ya think?
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Really? Your work laugh?
What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes-no big deal.
Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Ready!
So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Yeah, I guess.
Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
No. Not after what happened with Steve.
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
Yeah?
But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Hi!
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Are you okay?
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin' up, eh?
I cannot believe Ross told you that! And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
No you didn't. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you're marrying me, you don't get to win anymore.
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
No?
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
Have you even had a girl up here?
Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Why don't you just take it with you?
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
No.
She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
At the vet.
Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now.
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Keep going.
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Ugh, I hate it! I look like an 8-year-old boy.
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
They say he's only got half a tank left.
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
No-no-no! We need something old!
All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?
Hey, I need your help.
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
That is one good looking man!
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
All right!! Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
Get out!!
I don't believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I'm runner up.
And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv-
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Phoebe here with the cab yet?
Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
Spend more time with the tie. That'll make a baby.
Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.
Come on, no peeking!
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Five.
Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
Whoo, whoo. Wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that I'm sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Hi.
Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead!
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
This is the most special day of our lives.
I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
Nice. Oh hey, what about Ross?
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Sure. I'll help you.
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!
Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya?
This kitty is Mittens and this one is Fitzhugh, and this little guy in the cat condo is Jinkies.
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
So, if you were home right now, what would you be doing?
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
My God, I can't believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
You knew about that?
Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
I am soo not going to do good on my SATs tomorrow.
No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
I know, it is isn't it?
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
So...
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
Y'miss it?
You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
Oh, thank you.
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
... the WENUS?
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
No thanks, Josephine.
Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
Hi, can I help you?
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
I-I can't believe Jill's gone. I can't help it, I opened a gate.
Bye.
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
Why not?! I mean it's just, it's just climbing! It's just, it's just steep!
No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers.
Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer. Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
Y'know uh, actually I-I-I should get going.
No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
No, you were right, you were right. I mean, I-I-I've got to give my marriage another chance.
Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?
Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right!Just a little bit of shock that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
What's the matter?!
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Okay, fine.
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.
That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
What is that sparkly thing?
Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
Alright.
She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..?
Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore.
Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it.
Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
Hey-hey, what's going on?
AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *Opening Credits*
No!
Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? Ok!
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Right. Okay, let's play. Let's go.
When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
Hey. So where's Mon?
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
Man!
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Oh, you should here me.
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Well, I never call me.
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
What are you doing here, Santa?
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time!
Yeah, just leave me alone for a while.
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
All right, bye-bye.
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Paris?
Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean, it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one!
Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Oh.
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.
Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
BECAUSE OF OUR MEDDLING! Alright?
Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy!
Nothing, ah there was this thing at the museum. Come on. Easy.
Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
Okay, you're on.
That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Hey! You're wearing pants!
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
Then you go to Tokyo.
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
Come on! Let us be guys! Maybe we want to be guys!
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
You what? You said you liked them.
All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That's not the point.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE.
And about an hour ago, we made an offer.
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn't I?
You really think that'll work?
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. Oh hey! There you go. Okay.
That's exactly what my dad used to say!
Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
You have really great hair.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Seriously?
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
All right, what's going on there?
Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Oh my God! What happened?
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Here you go.
Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.
I don't even know the man. Okay? We're not the close. I haven't seen him in years.
Chandler! He's your father; he should be at the wedding.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.
What's wrong?
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Oh good.
And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? What were the things you said?
Isn't it? Then what about the amazing wainscotting and the crown molding and the dormer windows in the attic?
Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
Hey. There you are. You disappeared after dinner.
What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl!
THAT'S NOT ME!
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Then, I might as well ... do this . Not really sure what to do now.
Yes.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Clearly, I'm having sex with him?
Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard parts.
If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza.
Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!
If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
Oh good, another dinosaur story. When are those gonna become extinct?
Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Oh that's my grandma. And thanks Joey she's having a really great time.
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?
Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is.
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me.
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Yeah, you really sidestepped that land mine.
I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
What-what are you doing?
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
They can't all be bad. Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
You know what, everything's gonna be okay.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Well, you know.
I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
Does anybody want these?
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Yeah, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
I guess we just keep dancing.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Eh?
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
okay, right.
Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up.
No, you both are equally capable. Its just.. you're strongest when.. when you're together.
Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
Mon, I'm so sorry.
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
What?! Noooo...
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
I don't know.
Hi! I'm back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, we'll do it then. Okay, bye-bye.
When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
I'll be waiting.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
And it's not fake, it's totally brutal.
Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
Guys, please, I'm just gonna have dinner with him. Okay?
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
Changes?
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Why not?
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
You're smoking again?!
But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows?
I'll go get him in a second. By the way, you should know we haven't told him he's adopted yet.
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
No, why?
You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred...
No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!
Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
I know, right? Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want.
Why would I eat my own arm?
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Come on.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Umm, not without you, lover. So, this is my bra.
Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. But, uh... look how happy she is.
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party...
All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party.
It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.
So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Hey!
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Well, 'cause she came back the third summer and she'd gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow...
Why?
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I get 'ya?
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Hey, woah, let's go down there and get your hat back.
Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Someone you didn't make up!
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
I brought you something.
Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind.
Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
More of Grandma's teramisu.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
But then you left.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
Hey Joe!
Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth.
Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
Hey Hon, could you help me get the plates down?
Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
That's right Patrick, bye-bye!
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Joey's gonna be *so* upset.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
That's not true, there are great pictures of us!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Go on.
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating.
Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife's a reverend, that's important to you?
Why do men keep talking to me like this?
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it.
Hey!
Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
Chandler, what are you doing? There is a trash can right there.
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!
One second.
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!
Look, they must be stopped!
Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses... Wah-pah!
Okay.
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
I will not take this abuse.
Okay. But if you don't come back soon, there's pretty much nothing I can do about it!
Knowing you're here, waiting for me I think it's kinda exciting.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Look at you, you won't even look at him.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich. Why don't you get a magician?!
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Well, this has been fun.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
No.
Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. Oh, that does it too.
Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise. I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls jump back up inside your body.
Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Just those two!
Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Right, okay, then no.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Wh-Hey-Whoa-whoa, where, where you going?!
Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car.
Oh, can I borrow this? My milk's gone bad.
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
That's okay Pheebs, we're not having a party or anything, so you don't have to get us...
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad!
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
Oh! Oop!
No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.
WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!
What's going on?
Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little.
Game?
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Well, I did not know that.
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
Yeah?
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Hey, that's never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!
I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
Oh, yeah! Are you telling me you... you're not even... a little turned on by Monica, right now?
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
You want his yearbook?
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Ohh, I like swimmer's bodies!
C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
Whip it out, whip it out.
Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper.
No, I meant with the dropper over here.
You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
Don't be silly. Ben loves you. He's just being Mr. Crankypants.
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
I kinda feel like it's my fault.
All right, now look at her and tell me she doesnt look exactly like her sister.
Ive never done that.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y'know, kinda like a peace offering.
Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about. I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of Merlot and a five year old condom.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
What's she look like?
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes...
Oh my God. Oh my God! And you're-you're...you're not freaking out?
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Well, look at that, same thing.
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
That's right. Did you hear something?
Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
I know that, but look, we've got the Powerball number, we've won 3 dollars!
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready...
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
Well no, but um.
Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
What is with you?
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is!
So, ehm... I'm proposing to Pheobe tonight.
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! That they know of.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
Oh, no.
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Yeah baby!
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
I don't know how to play Cups.
Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it!
All right. But, you're gonna have to tell them.
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
Yeah.
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
Oh! And don't let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
You really didn't have to. Wow.
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
Hi.
When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?
Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
She's not here and please come in.
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
All right!
Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
Alright.
Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
Hey Chandler.
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
I just-I can't believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
There he is!
Yeah, listen. Okay, before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by err...
She is so hot!
Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
That word was swans.
Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was!
No, that day... that won't be her real birthday!
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
Put it on.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
OK, well then who was the kid that got caught masturbating?
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
What?
That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
I don't know.
Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Karen.
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Hey!
What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?
Something personal.
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. I've always wanted to know...
Each.
everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise.
: is everything all right?
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
You comin'?
Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.
I ran!!
Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
The Geller Cup.
Okay, so I guess that's about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
Umm, oh, about three months.
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
What? What?!
Joey just called. He's got courtside Knicks tickets for him and me tomorrow night.
Hello?
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
It's Chandler! Are you OK?
Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
98 hot saves, highest in the force.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn't work out.
Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Um-hmm.
Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself!
Oh! And it gets worse!
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Give me that!
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Well, eww. What? Is it a pimple?
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
Hey Chandler, here's this morning's projections.
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Well, apparently she does.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it.
Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry.
You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
Dude! You're not taking your Bible?
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
All right. I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
How are you still single?!
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
No! No! No! No--one can beat me.
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
I can't believe this. Rachel and Joey?
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs.
Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do?
Well, it turns out that Erica didn't pay much attention in Sex Ed class, because the thing she did with that prison guy... it'd be pretty hard to make a baby that way.
Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.
So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there?
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
What?
Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. I got her machine.
Oh, God, just do it! Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
No Chandler no! No unscheduled stops. You can go when we stop for gas.
Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.
Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.
That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
All right, all right. "Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!"
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Don't come out here!
Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
You did? How?
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Multiple orgasms!
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
Alright, lets say that it is him, would we not want the baby? No! Would we treat him any differently?
Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.
Because it's faster.
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
What do you say?
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
Yeah?
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
Is everything okay?
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Let's see what we got here. Ohh, y'know, Fonzie dated triplets.
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here!
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Eh, you work for that.
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
You mean like, music?
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Listen, sorry I didn't stop by last night but I had a date.
Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!!
What? You... You... Oh! Can I ask you a personal question? Ho-how do you shave your beard so close?
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
Yeah, why not?
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
IN LONDON!!!
I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?
I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
What are you gonna name the baby?
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
Noo! NO!
Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
Yes. Absolutely. A quality.
You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!
Why...Why should I? I mean if she wants to move on, that's fine!
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
Hey.
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Pregnant?!
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Yeahhh. I'm tellin' ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time....
Weren't you nine?!
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Not if you're gonna be like this!
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
Oh, she's still napping.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Awww. But still no.
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. I'll get out of it.
Are you trying to tell me that we're moving to Oklahoma, or that you're gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.
Good morning, Tiger! I'm making you a nice big breakfast so you can keep up your strength for tonight. You're gonna get me good and pregnant.
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
I will go for that drink.
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Don't blame the questions!
Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
Well, if there is anything else you wanna know...
Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets that you gave birth to them?
Still, he had to find out sometime.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Yeah!
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
My God! Chandler, we said be 'aloof' not 'a doof'.
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.
Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry.
That was me.
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Yeah, so?
If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
Yeah with Chandler not getting paid, we could really use 300 million dollars.
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
Hey, how'd the date go with Mr. Millionaire?
Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
No, I stuff outside the bra.
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Thank you.
I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
How do you feel about all this?
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her.
Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just can't get enough.
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
'Kay.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Gin.
Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... what happens to cranberry sauce?
No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy.
Hello. It's Gandolf!!! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then.
Okay.
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
I'd really prefer a mountain bike.
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
So?
Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Oh! What is that? What is that?
I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
I can't belive you two had sex in her dream.
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
I'm not your best friend?
We're going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
Yeah!
Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for.
Okay, you watch too much TV.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you were trying to get Ross stoned!
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Yeah baby! No baby!
Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
Chandler, I like Joey a lot, but with you...
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
Hey Joe!
I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that.
Okay...
It's a baby! A beautiful little baby! And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see.
Oh, you did it!
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again.
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth.
Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
I know, I went to the tanning place and the same thing happened to me. You have to let me in.
Go away! I don't want to see anybody.
And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
Well, my nose got lonely.
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
Hey! New wallet, huh?
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Yeah. You!
Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it.
Whad'ya mean?
Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.
What's going on?
Okay. I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna go find her and I'm just going to propose!
Yeah!
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Really? Who's number two?
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
Now, you do realize that she's a cartoon, and way out of your league?
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Oh! Ross is sooo great!
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Oh, it's just like a bloodbath in here today.
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
You have three nipples?
Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Don't blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
What?!
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
That's that weird voice again.
Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Just pickle.
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him!
Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible.
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
Ross's apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
This ring is from the 1920s, it's a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Hey, where's the chicken?
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
But the mess!
Okay... You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age.
That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't mention the shoes. Who's next? Chander.
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
Another lie. You have a sickness!
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
Did you smoke?
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
I was frustrated with you!
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this...
Why not?
Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago.
Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Oh my god.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
Cause she uh, she steals stuff.
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Did you break up with her?
Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you!
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
Uh, in the future, if I could see the schedule beforehand...
That's good! I liked it, they didn't. Joey, for God's sake, go to work! .
Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and they're the bad guys.
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Well, if we owe it? Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
No! We only mess around at his place!
No, if crazy plate lad.. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Okay, how about this, you guys die and the crazy plate lady dies, then do I get the baby?
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
All right, how about the ladybugs?
Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
Well, these aren't mine. Maybe Monica used to use them with...
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
What?!! What?
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Ah well, the ah, Pennsylvania Dutch, come from Pennsylvania.
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
What message?
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Hey guys, how is it going?
We don't. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Gotcha. When do we tell them about this?
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
He's... new.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Hey. Where's Joey?
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
I say push her down the stairs.
You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. I'm so glad you here.
Oh look at you! So handsome!
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
I gather by that oh that he told you about me.
Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
Thank you soo, much.
Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Oh my god, honey, I'm so so so so so sorry.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
Thanks.
Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Thanks for telling me!
Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
Hey, you guys, what are you doing tomorrow night?
The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
What?
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Really?
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Really?
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
Oh my God. He threw up?
We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it.
All right!! All right. I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn't stand. I-I couldn't walk.
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don't think it's the kind you're gonna like.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion.
Wow, this is serious. Ive never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Yep. Ice Capades.
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
I guess.
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
Who is Maria?
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
What... what am I gonna do? My speech is gone, Chandler!
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
I know.
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
Well, second prettiest that year; I mean, of *all* the girls in Oklahoma, she's probably...
Alright, well, maybe I should let you and the second prettiest girl in Oklahoma get back to work.
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
What?
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?!
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
At what point did it stop being funny that I took her passport? OPENING SEQUENCE.
Shoot. Oh, I can't believe I did this!
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
I don't know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! What are you laughing at Pampers?
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Lovely!
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Hey.
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
You still here?
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
Are you sure?
Well, it's just interesting. You know, because no one will ever know, because no one can experience both.
What?
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Oh.
All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
What were you thinking?
And that would have made the official party line. Monica and I are having a little financial trouble.
I thought you didn't have secrets from Monica.
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
I'm gonna do it.
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.
What kind of changes?
I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology convention and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me.
Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though.
What was that?
Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
That's not true. If you don't wanna smoke ...
Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
It was terrible. I fought with my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?
How was your conference?
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Oh, yeah, that. All right, means that much to ya, I'll let you have her.
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What's going on little elves?
See? Now, he could date her.
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
No.
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Wow.
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
What the hell are you doing?!
Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Okay!
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
How hot do I look in this, huh?!
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Why?
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
Oh, are we gonna trash that place?
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Now that you're a couple, we don't get two presents from you guys?
He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
Sounds like he's with someone.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
That would be Casey. We're going out tonight.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Why not?
I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do.
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Come on, two on one.
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
It's almost our anniversary!
It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.
Chandler?
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
Could ya?
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
Hey-hey listen...
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
How did you--?
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
What?
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
The fear?
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Hi, Julie.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
What?!
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Are you okay?
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
Oh my God!
You know what... these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
We gotta get more of that.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Yeah! Punch him!!
Shhhhhhhhh!!! I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
I know, I wasn't finished. But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
Hey, don't call him that! His name is Spackel Back Harry!
Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
Why not?
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Oh that is quite all right ma'am.
We were wondering what was taking so long with the gift, but now we understand you were doing this.
Quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, tweet, quack...
All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
Me too. I'm good at it.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Five more and I'll flash you.
No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving?
No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You knowI...I've been putting my life on hold and just concentrating on Emma but if she wants to go out there kissing guys shebarely knows, then so will I ! Very funny! Ross is gay! Ah! Ah!
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
I wasn't- I mean, I-
This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
Oh my God! That's Pete! But why is Bill huggin' Pete?
Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope.
Dude!
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
And a lot could still get in our way.
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. I'm sorry man.
Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog!
Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book .
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
Man, I sure miss Julie.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
I don't understand.
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Eh, what are you gonna do?
You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
Oh! It's not good.
Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Chandler, I don't even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with...
Ohh that's sweet!
So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
Oh! I'm gonna go wash up first. Thanks!
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Here you go, maybe this'll cheer you up.
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Oh... my...
Guys? I've got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
No, I'll do it.
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
Um, thank you for the gift.
Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh.
Sush!! I cannot believe she is still up there.
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Leetch spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass!
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
No! No! Not, Paris.
Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!
I'll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
So what're you going to do?
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
What?
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it.
Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware of at this age?
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Yeah.
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing.
I can't believe Rachel just moved on and didn't say anything to me.
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
Hey!
Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. Chandler: Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax.
Here's your copy of the bill, we hope you enjoyed your stay.
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... ..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
I think there may be another reason. So, awkward hug or lame cool guy handshake?
Thanks man. Did you hear that, you guys? You're gonna get to stay here! And, and it's good, you know, 'cause, 'cause now you have a reason to come visit.
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr. Peanut than Mr. Salty.
Oh. Oooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! My butt cheek is waking up! Oooh! Ooh!
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
She could be out of town. Maybe she'll be gone for months.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
I know I love you!
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
I'm looking for Eddie Minowick.
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
So, who's the lucky guy?
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal.
Really?!
Well, I did and it hurt. That's when I wrote the song: "Betrayal In The Common Room".
I didn't know you knew about that.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!
Oh, anything yet?
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Chandler, that's like your fourth cup of coffee!
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.
It's a good play, isn't it?
All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
Ohh, well, you're my lucky penny.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
You're kidding! Oh, I love him.
Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Oh my God, you guys!!
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
So umm, how was your date with Ginger?
Okay, thanks... They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
And?
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it...
Okay, uhm... Hey, you guys seen Joey anywhere?
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter.
Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this.
Stop it!
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
Well hello! She's cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
Let's go watch it at your place.
OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Oh look! That guy's peeing!
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Okay, walk us through it, honey, walk us through it.
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.
What the hell am I supposed to do!
I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!
Where is everybody? They're forty-five minutes late!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Mm-mmm.
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
No.
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Hm-mm.
Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
Yeah!
I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed.
Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out.
Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
I feel...
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
He's so cute.
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
I know! That's why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
What about your breath?!
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs ...oh, you already got that.
No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt I wish I'd thought this through.
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Are you sure you're okay?
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Please!
Ok, go quick! Ross: Thank you for a delightful stay. Ross: Oh, my maple candy!
It's not the same.
See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes next, I mean aren't you worried about the results?
Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
So, so now do I get Joey?
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
What?!
Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times.
You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautiful, they have all these decorations and this huge tree and I just, uh... to hell with them, we have to work. -- So I stole ther ham.
Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.
I had too okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
How could you tell her?!
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
We said six!
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
You gotta take the canoe!
Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? You're having a memorial service for yourself!?
Exactly!!
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! $500 that is a loooot of electricity! Whoo-ho-ho! I gotta buy some food.
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.
Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
Yeah, so.
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
That really was some of your best work.
You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Mhmm.
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
Oh boy me too!
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
Yeah! Roses or Lilies?
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
What's up?
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
She wants to meet you in person.
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
You got all that from the back of her head?
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don't wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
You told her before you told us?
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
What's with him?
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?
Yeah. Y'know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I'll go all...Chandler. But nothing has.
Really?
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Chandler? Can you give me a hand?
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
What?
Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
WOW!
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don't tell the guy that!
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
What's the matter?
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Dude!
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh.
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon?
Dark red.
Of course, I didn't get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna's such a big, dull dud!
Hmm.
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Right in there!
You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.
You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...?
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
It's 4:30.
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Yeah!
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
Huh? Really? -- Hm, that'd be so terrible?
Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn.
: then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF a treat.
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
If you wanna call that a reason.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
Okay, break-up's still on!
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Great!
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Ross, I can't believe you'd do that!
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
No.
Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'
You know what? You don't need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump.
Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don't you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself!
Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
So, I don't have to learn what that means?
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Hey no problem.
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Chandler! Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Good call!
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom.
Don't you have to use the bathroom?
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
Does it hurt?
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
There's a game?
Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch.
Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I don't know if I can take anymoreplucking. It hurts so bad!
Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid.
Thanks. Here's your ticket.
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Oh. Hel-lo!
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
Umm ma'am, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I don't think I can move to Tulsa.
Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
All right, look you guys... Look, we appreciate all the advice, but this is between Joey and me and I think we can handle it...
I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
No no no!
Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
No, no, I should get home, I'm kinda tired.
Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Awwwww!! Awwwwwww!!!
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
Why are your eyes so white?
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Chandler, this is not our problem. We've got each other. That's all that matters.
Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
It wasn't fun?!
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Honey, this will help.
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Oh, thank you.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Uh, sure, why not.
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
How'd you get to that?
Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee.
So uh Chandler, you like that badge I got you?
Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
Chandler, what are you talking about?
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
What?!
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?
What?!
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Well, I like it. Here you go.
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Yeah, I mean we've got a lot going on right now. And, plus, here they'd have their own room.
What?
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Bye!
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Good morning.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Sure. Okay.
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Yeesh, what'd you do about it?
I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping.
And you're not helping?
Look, you can't call somebody after this long just to say, 'In case you didn't notice, I don't like you!'
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NY.C!
: Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I. have a little surprise for you.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
No problem.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Uh-huh, yeah.
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
Dude, what'd you have?
And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
Thank you for letting us see the house again.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Ahahaha... haha.. yes I can, of course. Excuse me.
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.
Seriously, you're an intern?
It's possible. You are very loveable, I'd miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive.
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
All right, so. How did it go at the fertility clinic?
We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?
Hey, stay out of this, Chandler! This is between me... and ME!
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Yeah.
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
That's what it says.
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Yeah?
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
I want you right here, right now.
Putting on the sneakers... thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything.
What are you doing?
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.
She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them?
Honey why don't you go lie down.
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Yeah, she's...
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
What?
Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
It's pretty clear.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
What?!
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
No!
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
What's going on?
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
Dude, what are you doing?
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
Oh my god! Youre amazing!
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
We are so gonna find them this year.
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
That's all you're basing this on?
I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
Chandler!
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
Well, were gonna be layin off people in every department.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I'm not looking for any thing serious.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who?
I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.
Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
Nah, not my game.
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?
You are really frightening me.
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
What?
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
What are you guys doing up?
All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
You're welcome, sweetheart.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
Ok, I've heard myself on tape and I sound nothing like that.
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Oh, it was awful. I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Told ya.
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Oh yes of course, hello Chandler.
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
How do I look?
Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Then, no.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
All right.
I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Thank you.
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
Chandler, Chandler.
I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
Ravioli's delicious!
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Okayyy!
No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."
So, do you have any other question about advertising?
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Hey.
Ah well, she's got this weird idea, that, uh, y'know, just because you and I are alone, that something is gonna happen.
Ah. Fun conversation?
Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
I know that too.
Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory!
Look, I don't wanna do this test either, but I really do think it's a good idea!
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
What are these, like famous chickens?
My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
No you did.
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
How do you figure?
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Settle what?
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! Oink!
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
She's sleeping.
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
No reason, I'm just saying that uh... That's where I'll be.
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Hi!
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
Phil!
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Sounds like a date to me.
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Oh no! What's the matter?
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Oh my God!
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Anything else?
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Woo-hoo, geeek!
Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
No.
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Noo.
Aww, we were worried about you! Hm. I guess I better get used to things crapping in my hand, huh?
Yeah.
Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve.
Hello? Hold on. It's your boss.
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
All the appliances are included. There is a lot of light, a new kitchen... I think you guys would be very happy here...
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Hey, it's been like three weeks!
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
Can you blame him?
Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
What? Why?
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
So are things with you and Joey any better?
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was
Kinda.
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. And that goes back up there.
I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now.
Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot nanny".
Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Okay, you come up with an idea.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
It's not that bad.
Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Aww, man!
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
Joey!
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
Aw, I know all about Kip!
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
Okay. Hey. Umm. Does everybody hate these shoes?
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Oh my God!
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
And!! Isabella Rosselini.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
My God! Is this a gym card?
I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions... and... and limericks...
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
I had one glass.
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Well, John McLane had plans!
I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
You wanna see it?
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
Well you obviously didn't see Chucky 3.
Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words.
So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that .
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
No because it-it didn't seem important.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Well, yeah! I'm still pursuing that.
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre?
This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
So big deal, so Joey's had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn't mean he's great in bed.
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Luck!
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
Food? Uh-huh gimme!
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
C'mon. Let her. Yeah.
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
...Yes?
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Come on, we can't let them win!
Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.
Mr. Bing? Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
So are guys doing okay?
You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds.
Hey, have you seen Frank Jr., 'cause he's meeting me here with the triplets.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
I don't!
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
The Ice Capades?
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I...I am brave! No-no-no-no!! Can you tell me who is there please?
Who is that?!
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
...Yeah.
Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards...
Here, here!
Where the hell is everybody? Bitter lady: Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period.
Oh my God! Chandler!
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
So, can I get some candy?
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Hey Bing! Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
And that became 'they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?
Oh, 'They are warm, nice, people with big hearts'.
I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
Wha... are you kidding? I can't return this.
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Sure!
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
I-I can't handle this, you guys.
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
How did that happen?!!
Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?"
Ok, thank you. Uh, well this is it. Are you OK?
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Monica, what are you doing?
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
And she's not crazy?
That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
Okay, Okay, All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house into a guest house.
Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
I decided to pee.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Why not?!
Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tin foil off.
So what? Don't you have any will power?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Remember that big party? Freshman year? A week before Christmas vacation? I do. You had some visitors.
Really?
Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
Hey guys.
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
No, but he told me, he thinks your a fox.
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
I can't, I gotta go.
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
All right, we're gonna play.
And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Yeah, what's that about?
Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
You work with robots!!
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
You told me.
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?!
I know!
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Thanks, it's ah, Gaelic, for 'Thy turkey's done.' So ah, I'm gonna go, nice, nice meeting you.
Bing! That's a great name.
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
So, we did okay at the strip club, right?
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.
Please.. please, we are so close.
Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy.
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Chandler.
But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . . That's not the way to convince you.
Really? But tomorrow night is the only night I get off from the restaurant. If you go to the game, we won't have a night together for another week.
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
Hey.
What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
Hey-hey, check out the hat!
Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time.
Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
That's too much. Sorry.
That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral.
I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
The big apple!
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
Let's just do it right now. Okay? It won't be hard. Just say what's in your heart.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
I know, but all that work you're doing to get it ready, I just...
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Hey.
Yeah! I... I... I liked it! But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
But, ehm... you watched the tape?
Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Dude, two times that happened!
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
It is beautiful, but I'm gonna use this one. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
What?! Chandler she's our cousin!
Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
So, Chandler, who's on your list?
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
You gotta be at least bi...
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
I know. I feel horrible. Okay.
I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though.
Don't you want to look through the rest?
Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Yeah. Yeah.
Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
Well, I think so.
Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Uh-oh.
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Then why would he say it?
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Okay, good bye!
I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow.
You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's.... You did you come up with that?
Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? I heard it.
Chandler, you have to tell Joey that you're not in Tulsa.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swingset...
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
C'mon, she's your mom!
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
What are you doing?
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
I'll get the hat.
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
What's up?
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
Okay. All right you yellow-bellied-lilly-livered-DRAW!!
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to.
This couch belongs to us.
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
You remember Janice, right?
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Good luck!
Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
'kay, see you there. Happy humping! Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
...Missy?
Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
You're right. There isn't a decent outlet.
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
So have you called her yet?
Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us?
Do you have any question for Erica?
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Uh-huh.
One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here.
What are you doing?
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win!
Uh Bing, I think we're gonna make this the last game.
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
What? That's like insanely easy!
Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there our baby could be being conceived.
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
You're all invited to bite me!
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me.
How's my Bing-a-ling?
All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
You got it.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
Oh really!
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!
Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please dont hate me.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
Any luck?
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
Cool!
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
We didn't fool around with any of them. Dwha! Dwha!
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Why?!
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
How do you feel?
So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
Hi I'm Joey. This is Chandler.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Thanks. You're, uh, you're a good kid.
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
They're all tourists.
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Oh, that's attractive.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
So, are we gonna get together or what?
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen!
No, we never do that
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Really?
Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
No.
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful.
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
What?!
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
Fortune! This guy is so stupid. It's Count Rushmore!!
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Some of them.
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
How did he do this?
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
Keep talking.
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Yeah, but I don't think we have time.
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon! Huh? I'm old! I'm tired! Hey, I'm hot I'm cold!! Huh?? Come on! What can't I do?
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
Could not be more terrified.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
Thanks man, but I think it makes a stronger statement if I ask for it myself, y'know.
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Eight hundred and twelve bucks.
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Yeah, but don't you think....
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhoff impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right?
Really!
Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
What a phony.
"Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" "Oh, thank you very much!" Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
And tell them that in 2 weeks I will once again be a masseuse in good standing!
I have a weird feeling about this place. How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right.
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Yeah, okay, I'll see you later.
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
So, how was the party?
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
We should?
Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
What, slept together a year and a half ago? Yeah, I'm all set.
Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
I'm sorry. It's just the idea of being an official Bing.
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
Her what?
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Well you sure used a large font.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Why not?
So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
Yeah!
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
Mmm.
Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh... There's more crust on this side. Y'know? So, maybe if I measured...
Okay! All right, pick a half.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand...
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Oh, umm, I was just y'know working out and umm... Oh, that's it.
Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
Do you have anything that would... get us out of them?
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
He paid a lot of money for it.
You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
I don't get older. I just get better!
Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
You're really not coming back?
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Really?
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Then it's okaaay!
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Yeah.
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Who is being loud?
Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys... except for the tie, the briefcase... and the fact that I can rent a car.
Can I get you a cup of coffee, Sir?
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?
Hey! You ready to go?
I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this.
Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have to spend time with me." So, if you could just realize it on your own . . .
Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
Mhm, maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
Uh-hmm.
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
You guys have such a great place here.
Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
We're all sorry...
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Well, there's two spots left right?
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
Oh it's water under the bridge, forget it!
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
That's not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
You guys!! Come on!
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
Uh-huh! Join me, won't you?! Okay, what do you say we keep one, and then just like have an option on the other one?
Chandler, you're panicking!
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Nope, got it and I got yours too.
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Susan Sarandon.
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Come on man, really how old?!
Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
How would you like to pay?
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking!
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I...
Hello.
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
No! Why does he have to go?
Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.
No I'm serious. I mean I'm intuitive, but my memory sucks.
I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Look, it's just a little more complicated...
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y'know I've always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you.
Yah.
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Really girls, not cool.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
Yeah. Cushions the blow.
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard.
Wow! I Had no idea you had this much pride.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Uch, you see, I'm ovulating.
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday.
We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Oh yeah? When?
Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants!
Auntie Monica!!
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
You still on that?
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
I can't tell you. It's a secret.
Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
NOW!!!!!!!!
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Oh! Wow! Hey!
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
You wanted to see me?
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
I've never wanted you more.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
No.
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
The ring is gone!
This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
Is all this about you not being able to grow a moustache?
No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Oh my God! You're pregnant!
Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Oh, I'm gonna blow this one up, and I'm gonna write 'Reunited' in glitter.
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
I wanted to go to the strip club!
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Bumpy?
Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Honey, you've been really strong about this, I know how badly you wanted that job.
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
How come it's not mixing with the water?
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout. See ya.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Ah, yeah!
Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
She's mine!
Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
Honey, you don't have to do this.
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
No?
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, Huh? Huh? Huh?
The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
You too.
This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.
There you go!
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Hey!
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card.
Are you travelling with a child?
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
No, it's-it's Andrew.
Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Aww. Ohh!
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Well all right, one thing happened?
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? Well, we know I'm gonna watch it.
Awesome!
I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. What, he's my favourite author!
Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks!
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Well, what did you have?
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
You're arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
What?
I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Oh, just go. You're never gonna get it!
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Well, I do.
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Honey, we gotta go!
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Hey, you know about that?!
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
No, I know. That's a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravaganza.
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
What?!
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Someone in there?
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Yeah he's lying. He looked down.
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
So is Joey around?
I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Oh my God, is it really that bad?
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Yeah, me too.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
It's work.
Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
I know.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
Chandler, what were you thinking?
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
You've got to be smooth about it.
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
And of course, crotchless panties.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
I could be a secretary.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
Oh, thank you Chandler! I just bought it.
This is like figure skating team all over again. I mean synchronized swimming. I mean- I mean the balance beam. Help me!
Oh, man!
It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. It means...
Oh... what does that mean?
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
I got a touchdown! We did it!!
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
So was it a lot more money?
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
I can't believe he did this.
Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once.
Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!
Okay. Okay. Yes honey, I made it myself. I can't do it. I can't do it. Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!!
Ahhhhh, salmon skin roll.
All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
Hey, if we know it can we have candy?!!
We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
And that's how it's done!
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
I am learning so much from you.
I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.
What's going on?
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
Oh my God.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Oh!
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
Oh, shoot, we gotta go, got a reservation in 30 minutes.
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Keep talking.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
You smoked!
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Don't be so corny Ross, it's not an after-school special.
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
I don't know. Except that, for one last time... Good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game.
Okay. Table, you have given us so many great times. And you guys, Jordan, Victor, Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and "Oh My God"!
But we love our house.
All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
And could I get my ring back?
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Oh-oh!
Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating.
That's great.
OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No!
So you're not friends with him?
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
Oh, hey. Come on man, don't look at me like that, she used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
So what did you two do about it?
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Whoa! You had sex today?
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Were you the ones called the cops?!
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby!
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this.
Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Oh because it doesn't...really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window.
I guess you're right.
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right?
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Oh, you're so sweet. Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
No, just give me another minute.
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
And they weren't looking at you before?!
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say $1,500?
It's him, not it!
Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
And, of course, if you feel that neither of those is right for you, you can always adopt.
Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
I think I feel ok about it. Actually I think I feel really good about it.
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
We are even, right?
I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him.
Why? What did you do in the bathroom?
I'm not scared. I'll just take little Chappy and... HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
No, but Chandler, hello... Aren't you scared of dogs?
One of life's great, unanswerable questions. I mean, who knows? Maybe there's something even more painful than those things? Like this.
Well, it's just interesting. You know, because no one will ever know, because no one can experience both.
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Is Brian...?
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Oh, honey, I don't know. I...
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
No. Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
Oh my God, he's gonna do it now. Please, I cannot watch this, let's go.
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Why?! What's happening to the coffee house?! Oh!
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go .
Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.
Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
That's not true! Her, she doesn't even know what she wants! Rachel's still mad about the whole thing.
Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone?
Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Never mind, it's open.
Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
What, you, you really quit your job?
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Nooooo.
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
I really wish that you wouldn't.
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
And this goes for all guys?
No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right?
I'm sorry. Does the smoke bother you?
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Chandler!
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn't even asked?!
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Really?
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Oh, you don't have to do that every time.
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Well, how much do you think he needs?
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our friendship.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Thats unbelievable.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Really?
Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... Save it for inside!
Okay, I knew I should have had this conversation with Joey.
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
Just pass it to your boss!
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
Come on! Come on, I was kidding! It was such an obvious joke!
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Yeah, it's good.
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need to know what was on it?
Did you take that tape?
Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face.
My dad told me. They play golf together.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer?
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
Hey, hey, they're runnin'
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna engage on a little light bondage and moustache play!
Chandler? I was just in our bedroom and I found these on my pillow.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
We weren't but we had one class together. He was such a great guy and he talked so passionately about science. I always remembered him.
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
It isn't?
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Chandler, I said I was sorry.
oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to... come here and do... 'that'...
Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children. I am sure it's gonna be just fine.
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.
Yeah Bing, what's that about?
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
You betcha!
Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!
Ahhh!
Well it's just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was...the first time I knew that...you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Well you have to because maybe it's stupid.
Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it.
No you learn these things. You grow into it.
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
Okay.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Really?
Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
uhu uhu, check this out.
It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year.
Really, you want to wait a year?
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
That had to hurt!
If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Oh, I like that. Yeah.
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
We'll see.
You are an amazing wife. No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
: I cannot tell you how happy that makes me!
If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom.
Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
You didn't want to share your tomatoes, tomatoes are very important to you.
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
What did you say?
Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Hah. May not wanna mention this. So, you ever wonder which is worse, you know; going through labor or getting kicked in the nuts?
I don't know. Maybe church-camp?
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here. "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."
Yeah, me too.
Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
I thought I was something that we both wanted!
Nope... Hey... so I'm gonna... put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time.
You gonna tell her?
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand!
It isn't ridiculous, look around! No one's here!
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
What's wrong with being the Bings?
Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Why don't you ask the reverend to pray on it?
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Hey.
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Wow! How'd you get in there?
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
Yes, you said that.
Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right aboutthere, but it turned out to be a little piece of chocolate.
Yeah, yeah. Hey, they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
So, do we have the best friends or what?
Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
Excuse me?
They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.
What are they?
Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
I'm sorry, Joey, that is my chose.
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Did you bring me any presents, Santa?
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Yeah! You did! And that's why I'm leaving.
It's a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I'd move to Tulsa, I didn't really know what I was saying.
What?
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Oh my God!!
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
You don't know?!
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Chandler!
I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
Careful. Careful. CAREFUL! Sorry.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place.
Don't you let her go! You're a lucky guy!
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
What?
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. .
Okay good.
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Not your type?! She's gorgeous!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
Really?!
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
No! Oyster?
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Hey, are you unsupporting me again?
And you're thinking of taking it? So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, me, new job.
Manhattan.
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Oh.
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
Oh?
This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door.
Oh, I still can't believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn't make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while.
Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Look at these videos. You know, I mean, who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my God!
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... Yeah, I could see it.
Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it?
Oh, dear god!
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
And the sex?
Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
It's really starting to hurt.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
This is clearly in the wrong apartment.
No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs.
You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious. Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
Wow! I could've died tonight.
You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time.
No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.
Thank you?
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Give me the good stuff.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
You've done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely.
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
I can't believe her, y'know it's just-it's so typical.
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Cut!!!!!!!!!!
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Even with me?
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
I like them a lot.
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
I had them made special.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Wouldn't you be?
Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
Look, I know that I should've told them. I know I shouldn't care what they think. I'm sorry.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
No.
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.
Oh, howd she take it?
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Oh. Ohh. Ohh, you're out of your mind.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
No-no, stay right there. Gettin' closer.
Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
Hi.
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again?
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
We can't split them up!
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
Whose little ball of paper is this?!
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Hey, I thought you already had one.
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
Uh-oh, it was bad?
Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? No? Divorce?
I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
Thanks.
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Good-bye muscles!!
It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to get a beer... What the... What are you doing?
Yeah, see... you were all worried for nothing.
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
Yes, in Oklahoma it's legal to smoke in offices with fifteen people or less. Would you like one?
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
No, we're not! We're not leaving!
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Just a sec. Hope you find your monkey.
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Come on! Chandler!
I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place!
Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
It hurts my teeth.
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Get out.
Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
So-so what did the doctor say?
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
What's in the bag?
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won't be so bad.
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
You seen Sandy?
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Him? Him, Ross?
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Oh. Sorry!
Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
Yeah, but maybe we're just over-reacting.
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
What is it?
I don't know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy's car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
How bad you wanna smoke, right now.
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Yeah, you wish!
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
What was with the dishes?
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.
Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Hey.
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down-let's write it down!
All right.
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Hey.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Absolutely.
Maybe. Unless they're like two people who have lived in apartments next to each other for years, and then one day they're pushed through a vagina and they meet.
Do you think they recognize each other from in there?
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
But don't you need experience for a job like that?
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
You are not. You have never been able to break up with her.
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Why?! How?! How is he a genius?
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her...
Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament!
You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here.
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
Oh, because we love kids. Love 'em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.
Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We're really excited about getting this process started.
Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Are you kidding?
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
What am I going to do?
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! "It's almost as good as being there."
I know. Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
Nothing, huh?
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
Cigarettes?!!
I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
Here, let me make the milk, I'm up anyway.
Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family.
You're pretty.
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Is Joey here?
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Yeah I guess you're right.
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too.
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits.
You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.
Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
Dead. Oh, it's OK, no, he was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave at Omaha Beach.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye.
Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Nice going. You just saved yourself a couple months of sex.
I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
It's this way? Sorry.
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Look around, you guys. This was your first home. And it was a happy place, filled with love and laughter. But more important, because of rent control, it was a friggin' steal!
Has it always been purple?
Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
Hey!
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
Hmph.
Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
What?
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Everybody's doing stuff!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your maturity and experience, you wouldn't be happy being someone's assistant.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
You do?!
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
Ohhh, here it comes.
"Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped himdrink his wine." So you just touch yourself for anything?
Your eyebrows look weird.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Sorry, it's not.
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
You do?!
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
Excuse me?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Oh, you forgot?
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Will you calm down, he's just a human guy.
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Okay, I freaked out a little.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Yes.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! Janice! You're not... gone?
No!
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Shes still here.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times,two illegitimate children. The personal ad writes itself....
Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants.
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who everdid something over here last night did what they did or didn't do ...I mean come on!!
Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? Oh. Well, so what does that mean? Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks.
It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
No, I'm still married.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... Can it?
How did she get me to settle down?
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Oh, I hate this story.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
You guys aren't doing anything tonight, are you?
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
Hey hey, can I help?
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
I do not have baby fever!
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Continue.
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Are you sure this time?
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Wow!
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never borrow money.
Why not?
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
I'm crying here!!
Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey... Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
Fine, so you don't like them. Everybody else does.
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.
You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Hey.
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
I don't want to move again!
Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
I'm sorry, uh... I just wish I could make her forget about Mike already, you know... Why did Phoebe and Mike break up?
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Well, if you think it will help.
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Cool.
Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mineby plucking the eyebrows of my father and his "business" partners.
What, what.
Maybe we finish this for him! "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
What do you think you learnt how to do in the last two minutes??
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
Not there.
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
What are you up too?
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human pyramid...Swoop!! Swoop!!
Don't you have to be at work?
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
I've nothing to say to you.
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real."
You told him he's adopted?
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Yes!
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
It does in mine!
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
My kid's in a play right now.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted.
You really liked it?
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Great!
So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
I lie better then that, right?
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
No... I already e-mailed her.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
You know what the. . .
Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
Ok..You know the old classics you know,You look nice? They're still ok.
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
I don't have a *job*! *Closing Credits*
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
Oh!!
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
No, happy for you!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started, by take a look at last quarter's figures. Ah, Claudia, aren't you supposed to blow smoke up the bosses' ass?
That's right. Is it true, that the reason you are here in Tulsa is that you fell asleep in a meeting and took the job without realizing what you were saying yes to?
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
Chandler?
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception?"
Yeah, I'm sorry. I really am.
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
Juice, I need...
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Okay, woo! Hi.
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Well, it involved Monica.
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
What?!
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Hey!
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Yeah, where the hell is he?
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
My God! What happened to you?
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Oh honey...
Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Chandler, Chandler.
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
What?
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Hi Mom, it's Jill.
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
Yeah, I know.
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
How? How is your fault?
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Okay, get out of my kitchen!
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh.
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
Oh.
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
Right.
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
What?! It's 6 o'clock!
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
No.
Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
What do I smell? I smell smoke. Huh-did you smoke?
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
I don't know you guys.
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
C'Mon, You Guys. This Is A Real Movie, And Al Pacino's In It, And That's Big!
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *Opening Credits*
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Okay what's up.
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
The receipt.
I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy." "A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth?"
You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Why?
Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now.
Come on now. Monica has a good job. And it's not like you have a family to support.
Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire escape. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up the stairs, it'll be just like I just got back from Tulsa. Then, Joey and I will come in and see that there's no guy in here.
Yes, because all good plans start with, "I'll go down the fire escape."
Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym who am I kidding pay-per-view porn. -Cuts to Monica.
WHAT THAT'S A REAL NAME!
Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard could see a tape like that and it wouldn't bother him. Just'd be another saucy anecdote for him to share at his men's club over brandy and moustaches.
Why in the world would you take this tape and and why would you watch it?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Really?
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
It's a pretty cool tux.
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
See, now it's weird again.
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
Saw your head. Saw your head.
Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said"No, no. It's too cold, nobody will go out there." And I said "Maybe if we put some light out there they will"
OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
The balloon?
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Oh yay!
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Really?
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
Here he is.
It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, Here's The Thing The corn rose were really a solution to your frizzy hair problem. And now that we're home, we don't have that problem anymore, so if you think about it... I hate them!
It's "Bolero" from "10".
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
You're actually going through with this?
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
That game should not be played without my supervision.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
What?! Anything! Anything!
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
Still you know, a girl calls you by your ex-boyfriend's name, that-that's not a good thing, right?
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Yeah?
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
What do you mean?
Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
She needs changing.
You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two....
Connected? I mean.. to what? She's.. she's a lump.
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
Oh my God, is she going back to him?
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
So why don't you quit?
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Yes, and grumpy.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! That's a picture of your daughter, isn't it, well she's lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I'll call you from Tulsa.
Chandler, I.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Hi.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Okay.
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! You don't think he's here, do you?
Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not good enough for you?
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Then you are neither of your parents!
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Oh.
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Uh-huh.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
I'll survive.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
Why, nobody good?
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Oh, why is it unfair?
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
What are you saying?
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Really?
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy!
Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
Ew! Gross.
A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know... maybe he falls... maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!"
Your age?
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain't that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here's the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won't go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy-Please don't make me go there!
You fell asleep?
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
*Now* it feels like Christmas.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Have you been here all night?
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
We want candy! We want candy now!
So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
Hey!
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
That only took me an hour.
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
What?
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
That's a good idea for a business!
You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing soda and beer?
Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know... finding gold.
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
That's fine.
Couldn't sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn't sleep. Y'know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I'll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I'll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn't fall asleep.
Why're you so tired?
What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
Okay.
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Okay.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Chandler?
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to Rachel: Ucch. Uchh In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
Hey dude, you okay? Sorry about before.
Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
No, I have just to have two more points to beat him!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Really?
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Do you?
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
What else did you think about?
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
What else did you think about?
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not just goof around with him.
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Well then, do it better!
Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these?
Ah, come on, sneakers are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
Night-night Bing-a-ling.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Uh huh. Why is that?
Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
Seriously? Happily married. So that phone call before, that was ... happy?
Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
What the hell is that dog doing here?!
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please?
Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong.
Let me tell you why you need to pick me. See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
Even so, I think I'm gonna pick Ross.
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
The bigger half.
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
And again, and again, and again... Hello? And again.
