Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Mr.Douglas... ..cool tie.
Shes still here.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Okay, I freaked out a little.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Yes.
I didn't think you were gay. I do now.
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
So what's going on with you?
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Well, apparently I'm willing to offer her things that you are not.
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
So the light went out in my refrigerator...
I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Dysprosium.
Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
Hey, here she comes.
Hey.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Come on, don't do this.
What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
Goo, goo, goo, waaah!
That is so funny. Let me see that.
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
All right, I'm nine years old.
Oh, I hate this story.
Oh my god.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Ohhh!
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
Ross, sweetheart!
Oh, hey Aunt Millie.
All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Milne, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!"
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
It's not that bad.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
It still wouldn't be clean. All I want is my freedom.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
No, I'm still married.
Don't worry. I imagine he'd be okay with you because really, he's okay with Ethan.
Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
I do not have baby fever!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
That's him.
Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet.
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Come on.
Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
Are you sure this time?
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
There is no alley behind Macy's.
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Okay sure!
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
So what. I say, punch him.
Yeah! Punch him! Punch him!
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
What?
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
I'm crying here!!
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Wow!
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Hey, the fight's starting!
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Fight's over!
Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan!!
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
It's not that bad.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
I got something for her. It's a book!
A book? Is it like a book that's also a safe?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
See, I would never snap at you like that.
Continue.
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
I'm not arguing with that.
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Oh wow. I really wish you'd call me.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Are you serious?
Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
You mean you stole it! Don't cover your mouth when you do that!
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Ba dum bumb cheshhh!
Hey.
Sure, neighbor come on in.
So, is Janine around?
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Yeah.
Cool.
Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Games and stuff.
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
What are you doing?
Well, let's see... Okay uh, is that her?
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Right here!
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
Okay.
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
Well, if you think it will help.
You should! How is she?
Ohhh!!
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
What?
I don't want to move again!
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can't offer anything to us!
To her face? Look it's the end of the date, I'm standing there, I know all she's waiting for is for me to say 'I'll call her' and it's just y'know, comes out. I can't help it, it's a compulsion.
That's what you say at the end of a date.
You can't just say, 'Nice to meet you, good night?'
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
Well, they always called.
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Hey!
What are you up too?
Yeah, Big Brother.
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Hi, I'm Joshua, I'm here to pick up Rachel.
No-no-no, that' not Joshua.
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done! And you said it was gonna be fun! Which it kinda is. Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here!
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
How can people do that?... Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
So have you called her yet?
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
What're you talking about, everybody loves Joseph.
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Hey, here's a thought, Ross.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Yeah! She's right in there!
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
Hi, oh hi.
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Really? I've heard better.
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth.
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Youre kidding? She seems so...
Thats unbelievable.
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Well yeah.
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
It doesn't say that in the script.
It does in mine!
You bug me.
Is there any chance you didn't see that?
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
You probably want us to move in together?
It doesn't scare me!
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
How about receiving?
Yes!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
No, not us... Us!
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
You got all that from the back of her head?
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Are you sure you're okay?
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Ross , foot on the floor or come over no more!
Sure, your dresser is missing but this she notices.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
I don't know.
C'mon. Keeps his fingers to himself and he's always minty fresh.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Oh that's cool, I was gonna fire you anyway.
Great!
Now, have you told anyone else?
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Whoa-whoa, aren't you a little over dressed?
Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
I don't know. Y'know, they didn't get us anything.
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
You know what the. . .
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
Hey guys.
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
What?!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Did that!
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
Bye. I can't stand the woman!
What?! I thought you were crazy about her!
So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here!
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
But...
Go-go-go-go, come on! So uh, what did you find out?
How is that the silver lining?
You have to really wanna see it.
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer.
Oh!!
Hi.
Hi.
Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
Happy for you.
No, happy for you!
I-I wanna be with her, I like her.
Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Chandler?
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Why?
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
Listen to me!!
Juice, I need...
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Scared? Happy?
Chandler, what-what are you doing?
I know! I can't wait!
Were you're parents happy, or something?
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood.
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. Ohh, that's soft.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Well what happened at dinner?
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
What?
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
We've got a box.
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Phoebe, woo!
Okay, woo! Hi.
Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Mine!
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Hey.
Hey. Y'know with that goatee you kinda look like Satan.
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
Hey!
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Hey Pheebs!
Hey!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Chandler.
I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
It's not that bad.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
What?!
Rachel, could I see you for a moment?
You promised you would break up with her!
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
My God! What happened to you?
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
What?!
Ladies and gentlemen please welcome the incomparable Helena Handbasket!
Hello darlings.
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Yeah, you wish!
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
No, of course not! ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Well, it involved Monica.
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
What was the dream about?
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Why would I be mad?
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Okay.
I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! What's this?
What?
Let me see that! Oh man!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! Whooooaaaa....
Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Yeah, where the hell is he?
How's this?
Eeeee!
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Chandler, Chandler.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
I think she's OK.
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
No way!
It's true.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Monica? You're Mom.
Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey."
Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material?
Well, no. You're Chandler. Y'know, Chandler!
Well I'd probably be scared of a guy using a fake voice.
Hey!
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Hi Mom, it's Jill.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule.
Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
And what did he ask you not to call him?
Guys?
Over here.
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
What?! Ow!
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
He took my joke, he took it.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
That's a good idea.
Yeah!
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
Well, it was the first time. Y'know, there's not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree like that.
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Look, you don't have to draw an actual wo-whoa! She's hot!
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Well what is it?!
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
How? How is your fault?
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Well, if-if she thought they were on a break...
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
Huh?
I.....got.....dressed. Really, really quickly. Okay, okay. There we go, there we go.
Ah! Oh my God! You r-r-rotten boys!
Sorry Phoebe.
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
No, no, ACC-cept that.
Oh.
If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
How sad are we?
Yeah, I know.
Yeah!
Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Okay, get out of my kitchen!
All right I... I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked!
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
Right.
Hi.
Hello.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
Oh.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Sure!
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
No.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
Oh My God.
C'Mon, You Guys. This Is A Real Movie, And Al Pacino's In It, And That's Big!
Okay, Okay, Fine! Make Jokes, I Don'T Care! This Is A Big Break For Me!
You're right, you're right, it is.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
You really think so?
Yeah. I really do.
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
What?! It's 6 o'clock!
I can't believe this Chandler!
Sorry! I-I-I don't know what to say.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Ah-ha!
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
No, we only went out once.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
I don't know you guys.
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
Let go! Let go!
Let go! I'm a tiny little woman!!
Ow!!
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
....Are we still talking about sex?
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
Here.
The receipt.
I don't know.
Okay. If you're alive you answer your phone!
Oh, it's not just that, I would be England's most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty's secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this?
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond's tux!
It's a pretty cool tux.
We should really learn how to play the real way.
I like our way. Oh! Chess!
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Wait, we can't do this.
Why?
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Really?
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Yeah?
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
I would love too, but I can't! I mean I just can't, you know that I'm not good at confrontation.
Hey, Mon! I'm not doing anything, why don't you fire me?
That's a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
What's this?
It's your suitcase. We're going to Las Vegas.
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Y'know we already went over this and I won!
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
What, what is that?
Sure, it looks stupid now, there's no music playing.
Hi!
Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
It doesn't scare me!
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Honey, this will help.
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Ohh, so?
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Hey!
Excuse me. You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
See, now it's weird again.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Okay!
Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Saw your head. Saw your head.
What is it?
The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
The balloon?
I can't, I gotta go.
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
I think you'll like it, it has two out of the three tenors.
Oh yay!
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
Hey-hey!
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome.
Can't we just use a pen?
No, Amish boy.
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Really?
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Because it's too delicious.
Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
Really?
No freakshow, she's fictional.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Will you get us better gifts?
Fine!
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
Oh John! Great!
Here he is.
Wow! I would trade.
It is beautiful, but I'm gonna use this one. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
You're actually going through with this?
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
Really?!
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Yeah!
Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Ohh...
That sounds perfect!
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
That game should not be played without my supervision.
What's in the bag?
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
What?! Anything! Anything!
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later.
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks!
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
God, he's good.
If only he were a woman.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Yeah?
Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
Oh. Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
No.
Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords.
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
You're a little high maintenance.
Ahhh! You are on my list.
I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
I'm off the list.
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
I talked to Janice.
Oh my God, is she going back to him?
What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do?
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
What do you mean?
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
So why don't you quit?
Who is Maria?
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Yes, and grumpy.
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
I love you too.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
What?!
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
That's easy, baggage claim.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Oh.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Hi.
Hi.
Stop it Chandler. I'm sorry too.
Really?
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we're on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Okay.
Okay.
Oh my God. He threw up?
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
No.
Then you are neither of your parents!
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
I want to. I love her so much, but I'm afr...It's too huge.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Oh my God.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
You OK?
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Anyway, that's all I know. That, and this. This is the real him.
Oh.
Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Who said anything about Christmas?
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Joey told you about the leg, huh?
Uh-huh.
Morning.
Actually he's the smallest person in the world.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Oh, that's too bad.
I'll survive.
What if we have to pee?
I'll cancel the sodas.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
I'm never gonna find a roommate, ever.
Why, nobody good?
So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
Hey, this is so unfair!
Oh, why is it unfair?
...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
Well, I-I could live without it.
I'm saying that she... is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
She is now.
What are you saying?
How? How is your fault?
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
No, I'm bored with you now. I'm going to cut you off.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Because you shouldn't be with him. You should be with me.
Really?
Chandler!
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Oh! Oh!
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Ohhhhh!
Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
Five more and I'll flash you.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
With the belly-button ring? Oh, muhawa!
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
You said...
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Ohh.
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
You know what the. . .
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Well if it helps, it worked very well.
You were gonna propose?
Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring?
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Have you been here all night?
Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
We want candy! We want candy now!
Candy Lady?
No not Candy Lady.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You must stop!
That only took me an hour.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door?
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
...Dammit, hire the girl! Okay, everybody ready?
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
Ahhhh-I'm not going to call you.
What?
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
Yeah, o-okay.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
That's a good idea for a business!
That-that is a good trick.
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Thank you.
That's fine.
Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
I'll take that.
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Okay.
Wow!
Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
I can't do that.
Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?!
Ohhh, yeah, me too.
That's weird. I bet they're doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
Chandler?
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
I do.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
I knew you were likely to take a wife!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
Really?
Hey, I thought you already had one.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Do you?
Don't you have to pee?
'S'why I'm dancing...
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh my God.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Yes.
Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
What? Why, why would...
Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
We have good news, look whose back!
Hi!
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Oh, no...
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Light still out?
Yeah.
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
What else did you think about?
Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Sure you do.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Really? Okay, so...
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
Am I naked again?!
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
I am pretending.
Well then, do it better!
Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Bye, Pheebs.
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
Down at the docks again?
Night-night Bing-a-ling.
Here's my binoculars.
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Uh huh. Why is that?
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Hey!
Please tell me you got the message!
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
Yeah! Oh my God!
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
The bigger half.
That's so sweet.
And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know...
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor? Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know? Well, that's very generous er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier? Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection! No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday!
Again?
And again, and again, and again... Hello? And again.
Well?
Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
