No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Well there you have it!
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Friends first? That's interesting.
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
I made them!
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
The wedding starts at six.
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Okay.
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
I'm sorry, what?
What?
Oh, ok.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Hmmm, that's very cool.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
I can't believe she cracked your code!
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.
What happened?
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Oh my God.
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Got it!
Oh my God it's just like I dreamed it!
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
I don't know.
Okay!
Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
That's sweet, Joey.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
Are you aware that you're still talking?
Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Is it her fault that some of them didn't make it to you?
Well, what am I going to say?
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Great!
I can do that.
Okay! Here we go. Pillow.
Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. Choo! Choo! Choo! Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it... Choo!! And if I don't get it, I'm gonna shoot this duck!
That's right!
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Oh no!
I'm comin' out!
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
What?
Five oh dollars.
That's great.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
That's not a question.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child.
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
... It's a fertility study.
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Hey.
Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist!
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
I don't have any issues with my Father.
Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
Hello.
Hey!
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Chandler?
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
I do.
I do.
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
They actually said that?
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
Yeah okay, no if it helps you okay. Yeah.
You'll never get me, Joe!!!
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
We owe you?!
We didn't give you any money!
You don't think I know that!
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Yeah. O-okay.
How about receiving?
Yes!
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
Really?
Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
What?!
What's wrong with you?
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
That's right.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
All right, see ya Pheebs.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Oh and Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach or uh, or saying "mmm" and uh, oh oh! And smiling , okay?
No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you're alone, alone. And I just-it's just not the time for us. I'm sorry.
Ah well, can't blame a guy for trying!
Yeah, I'm not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore.
Rachel, there you are! Come on, let's serve that dessert already!
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Yeah, it's totally meant to be. Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
What?!
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
What's up?
Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Ooh, Madlibs, mine!
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
That's why you broke up with me?
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
Really?! I won!
What?!
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Yeah, I remember.
Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck.
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
You'll vamp?!
How can you not remember us kissing?!
I don't know. I don't remember a lot of things that never happened.
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
What was it for?
The next, next?
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
I'm movin' out like we talked about.
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Well, there you go.
Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Is there something wrong?
Joey...
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
Hey, Pheebs?
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Uh-huh!
Wow! Cool!
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
I didn't know you had another level.
I know! Neither did I!
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No.
Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
Borrow money from me?
Why is there jelly on your shoe?
I had a donut.
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Okay.
Sorry.
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
There's something I never told you Amber. I'm actually your half- brother.
So what happens next?
God that is good TV.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
That-that is a good trick.
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Your other student, was you!
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
"Baddest man in the whole damn town."
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Where's Mary-Angela?
She's right in there.
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
Okay, fine.
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
You wanna share it?
Okay!!
It's not mayonnaise!!
Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. Here.
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Probably because...
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Yeah, all right, I'll play.
Yay!!
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Hey!
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Your make-up!
Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Oh yeah, no problem.
Thanks.
Joey!
Ross!
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
That is true.
Y'know, we haven't found anybody else.
It might be kinda cool.
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
No, I'm leaving to get my hair dyed.
That's the whole part?
Okay, maybe he's not his best friend, but ...
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.
I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Hi!
So how was, how was your date?
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Hi!
Hey! Hiya!
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
So what, we just sit?
Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. Shhh.
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Rachel! You okay?
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
I'm having surgery!
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
No.
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.
What we did last night was....
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Wow!
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
You think I'm hot?
You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
What? Me having a job?
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Really?
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
It's not what you think, that was...
You told me I was the only one.
Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
Somebody wanna help me out here?
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Didn't you sleep together?
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
Okay.
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
What?!
No, you, you can't fit in that thing. That's not deep enough.
Oh yeah? If I can't, I'll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
I see where you're goin'!
What's up with the greed Joe?
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
You or me?
I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
I am sorry, Chandler.
I am sorry, Ross.
This took you all day?!
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Oh, god help us.
What?
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Why?
What's going on?
We all hate Emily!
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
It wasn't my decision!
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me.
You were in a porno?
That is wild.
So what's it shaped like?
That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
What?
Cupping.
Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
What? That's not? Oh my God.
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
And the bunny got away.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
And I would have to say pah-huh.
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
What the hell happened?!
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it's like y'know, Chanoey?
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you're, you're right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
I'm sorry man, I didn't-I'm-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
Okay. Okay. Would, would it help if I went over and apologized?
Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah.
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
What equity investments?
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
You don't even have a car!
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
Anything but stew.
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
What if Joey were president?
Umm, hey Rach, can I ask you something?
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I thought you knew I was looking at you.
I did, but that was really fun.
I'm fourth! Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
The Bible?!
I don't know!
Diverse.
Did anybody call for security?
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
What?! Why?!
What about the closeness?
Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
Hey, guys!
Hey!
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
You do, huh?
What are you talking about?
I'm not sure.
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Ewwww!!
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Joey, you had the night!
What?
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
What are you talking about?!
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
I'm always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Marcel?
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Ah, finally an explanation.
Joey!
Yeah?
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Hey! Now I'm a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
Wait Chandler come on, let's-it's not a big deal!
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Yeah, he's just really great to hang around with.
Well.
Uh, you guys see me as a dad?
Oh yeah.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
Joey, this is awkward part.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
No.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
I think you should definitely go out with this guy.
Nah, he doesn't do anything for me.
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Hello? Oh yes, one minute please. It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
So it's okay to date a student.
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't...
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
And a date with a man!
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
Isn't this great?
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Come on man, you're not a potato.
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
Yeah!
Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Hey!
Hey.
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
What're you gonna do, suck the door open?
Help! Help!
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Ooh, I look good.
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Hey Pheebs!
Hey!
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
You gave her food poisoning!?
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Oh yeah!
Really?
Look, you guys have been to every play I've ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
That's crazy.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
Op, this is saved. Gift shop.
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
You gave her food poisoning!?
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
I have to get back to...
That's okay.
But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Wow.
Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
It's open! Come in!
Hi!
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Ohh! A man with a plan!
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
Hey! So I'm back.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Nice work my friend.
Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, Grandma's chicken salad...
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
When did I try to give you money?
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
It was a dry day.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
All right, be my guest.
Good luck.
Oh, I got it.
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
Hi.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Ohh, a hunk of sandwich from last year.
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Great!
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
So how you two gettin' along?
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
There's another carton right over there.
Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Hey, I've been married 3 times
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
It's him, not it!
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Oh man!!
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? Sidney's a woman.
So she's a woman! So what?
Joey!!
Yeah, my neighbor... Yeah, the brunette... She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today.
"Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Shhhhhh! I'm swamped right now.
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
I'm sorry man.
Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
You're right. Maybe I shouldn't even go on the call back.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Plus, everyone's gonna see your thing.
Well when can we have this shower?
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Ohh-oh, chilling!
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
I don't know you guys.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
He paints quite a picture doesn't he?
Here's the Shelly Siegal stuff from December.
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
No, I got him.
No, seriously.
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Uh, Phoebe...
Oh Ross, hi.
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
That's what you should say.
What?
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Sorry.
I'm sorry Joey.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
So...
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
So who's idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?
Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!
Don't touch him!
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
What a nice story!
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Okay.
Yeah!
Should we call the spitter?
Hey Rachel!
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Where there is no fear of commitment.
Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
Amazingly, that makes sense.
You think?
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Stay out of my freezer!
Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
In a minute!!
So this is it? Victor?
So long, Vic!
Phoebe, it's been two days.
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Hi!
Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
As are you...
Let us begin. Dearly beloved...
He took off?
Go on! Go on.
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Hey, Mr. Trib.
Hey-hey.
There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Excellent!
Uh, may I help you?
Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
What the?!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won!
