Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and so, you know me, work comes first.
Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman show tonight.
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Since when?
Y'know what's more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y'know what's even more generous than that?!!
Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, 'Hey, the bell doesn't dismiss you, I dismiss you.'
Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this I don't really know what that means. You were saying?
Okay let's put aside that you "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.
When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
Hey Joe what's up?
Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
So... and?
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
Yeah.
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. so were good. I'll let myself out.
Hey Hayley you've really gotta fix that doorknob. Joey!
Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this.
All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding...
It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
This sucks! I didn't know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I'm so tired!
All right.
All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
Well, it needs to be plicit.
It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
That really was an incredible wedding.
Listen, I hope... that you know... I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM!
Oh, thank you. I hope... I hope you know how much you mean to me.
Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
They're towing a car. And I am seeing...spots.
Okay, and ah, this one here is a Douglas Fir, now it's a little more money, but you get a nicer smell.
Christmas cookie?
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Hi.
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Come on Joey!!!
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
When did you go to a sperm bank?
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
What are you doing? Get back over on your side of the... Hello!! Hi, I'm Joey, we haven't met.
Oh, no thanks. I always carry one in my sock.
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Not on you! On the stripper!
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
Oh no wait, oh no, the elastic on my underwear busted.
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?
Yeah, okay.
Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Why? What happened now?
All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine!
All right! You and me! Let's go! Right now!
Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!
Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
Uh-huh.
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Look, I just need a wire something to jimmy it. Oh hey, one of you guys give me the underwire from your bra!
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Ah, look who's back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
But Erin Brockovich had her own house.
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra...
Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another column.
Hey, how's the first day goin'?
I'm not wrong! I wish I was. I'm sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn't sound so bad now, huh?
Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong.
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Where do I know you from?
So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
Right behind you, big guy!
A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
We're just friends.
Alright, alright, hey y'know fair is fair, if you're right, you're right, what can I say, but hey oh no!
No, no. She's fair game if you ask me, sorry buddy!
Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes.
Nah, just me. All alone. Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
I sincerely hope the rest of your party is returning.
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.
Yeah! But I'm a little shaky and nervous.
Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Okay. I am so hot!
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
Yeah, right!
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Welcome to New York City! Or should I say "ghe deu flooff New York City"?
Thank you. It's really nice to meet you guys, I can't believe I'm here!
Uh, yeah but uh, I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Isn't that a line from the show?!
Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
She was just crawling around and she found him, so I just let her sleep with him. That's all right? Isn't it?
Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
I know, that old lady at the end was ready to take you home.
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems, it was for something for her.
I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems?
There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Who the hell is Carl?!
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
What... what you working on?
I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Well, you just...
...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Thanks.
Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
You're kidding.
Wow! That's pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear 'cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
He painted that.
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
Joe...
Oh, man, why did have to go and say that for? Now that you told me I can't have it makes me want her even more!
Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
I gotta tell ya, I think it's okay to be that guy.
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Well I just thought...
Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Just like you told her you did! ... Just pointing out the irony.
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
No, no, this is the first time.
Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
What?!
Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go ohhhh!
Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword for a friend's book...
Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald?
Okay, okay. But this is her last chance.
Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a...
I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long pause"
Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
No! Why?
Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Please stop it!
Your thumb? That's weird. You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
I broke my thumb.
Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?
Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
What?
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
They'll never understand!
Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Something so sweet and...disturbing about that.
Hey, that's why I didn't invite you. you have to calm down, alright... go, go get yourself a drink or something...
I love you!
Yeah? Well, I don't want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler.
Hey Joey, I want to talk to you.
Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Sorry!
Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can't believe my brother's getting married! And in London! It's so romantic!
Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Fabulous.
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity?
All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.
Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. Dude, where's my speech? That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody.
Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.
Dude, you don't have to brag! We got nothing here!!
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
No, Janice.
Sorry! Sorry, I'm late; sorry, I'm late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
Ohh, that's a good one.
Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
...it's gonna be okay!
Nope. Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Okay. Joey, trade lives with me!
Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want, and when does she stop crying all night?
Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently, there's some big surprise.
Hi! You guys, the car-service just got here. I can't believe they're not home yet! I have to catch my stupid plane. I wanna see the baby!
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
What?!
Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Mornin'.
Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing!
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
No, we weren't!
Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Alright!! Fine! It's original Hugsy! No, now I know that Emma wants him but he's mine and I need him..
That's not Monica!
We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
There's other stuff too.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for Thai food...
Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I've gotta go make more!!
Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
Why?
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Oh that's too bad.
Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
So in your whole life, you've only been with one oh.
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. I didn't say that! It's in a bank guarded by robots!
What do you do with your money now?
Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!
You bet. Maybe some other time?
Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Oh that's so great, now Emma has two Hugsy's.
Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Hey.
Monica, look... I don't think you and I have any secrets anymore... Not ready to joke about it yet, okay, I see you later.
That tape was never meant to be seen by... Joey I would feel more comfortable if I was having this conversation in private.
Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
He's the headliner of a gay burlesque show.
Sure, sure. Ok, "Bleu de la bleu, de la blu bla bleu" See?
Really, can I hear some of it.
All right-oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
I'll be there.
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?
All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.
So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? Yeah, sounds about right.
Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
Please tell me you know which one is our baby.
OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.
The one time they're not home.
I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
What am I doing?
Hey! How come my plate's less fancy then everyone else's? Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will not be well recieved. Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious . That's not how she used it...?
So, a professor, uh?
see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
: Im very, very drunk right now.
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Your what?
If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
Well, I'm also sending out.... good thoughts.
Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica!
Actually, y'know it's kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
Come on, take 'em off!!
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
Come on, tell me.
He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
We are bad people.
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?
Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
Well, it does.
Okay. All right. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
They're ribbed for your pleasure.
C'Mon, You Guys. This Is A Real Movie, And Al Pacino's In It, And That's Big!
Oh My God.
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
Put some pants on kid so I can kick your butt.
Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Hey! Hey what's going on?
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!!
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
When it's your assistant, I would say never.
Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Consider Casey.
Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Right!"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?"
Hey, that was an honest mistake!
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
Thanks!
No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game . . . courtside!
Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?
Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
Well, I'm gonna lie to you Joey, it's a possibility.
Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
I do not hate Ross!
Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Yeah?
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Uh, I think she's still asleep. Hey, hey, how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
Is Rachel here?
Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Joey, please.
Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!
You're in this picture?
Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
Hey!
Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. Pass. Pass. Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
Joey describe these things associated with the United States congress. Give me 20 seconds on the clock please. Ready? Go!
I'd take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne, fancy dinner, feel you up on the carriage ride home...
Well, what would we be doing?
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Chandler? A word.
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good......But wrong.
Listen...I need to know that what I'm about to ask you, will never get back to Chandler.
All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Big day.
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady!
You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
What code?
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.
No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
No. Why?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Great.
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
Do you have any ice?
Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
That commercial always makes me so sad.
Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
Joey, onstage!
What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you think I'm like, "Duh."
I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.
Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
What's going on over here?
Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
Oh my God!! You threw Pepper on the fire!
See this is what I was afraid of, I didn't think I should be here either but somebody said he'd be over it by now.
Yeah, I'm not so sure you should be here when he comes up.
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie!
Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
This took you all day?!
A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Oh that's great!
Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
Yeah.
Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Very good! What do you need it for anyway?
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
So...
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
Really.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Awww...
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
No, it was Ginger. I remember, because when he told me, I said, 'the movie star.'
No, no, look. All I'm saying is that you're my agent, ok? And you're not getting me into any auditions and I'm tired of it.
Don't take that tone with me. Who you think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic?
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Really?! How come?
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math.
Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me, ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
Joey, I kinda have a lot to do today, what do you want?
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you, have a problem with Janice?
Nice try. See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Do you think I'm someone else?
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
The show?!
I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which, according to my resume, I'm fluent in.
Oh, why? What's up?
Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Sure.
Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase beat you here?
Ah, it's an honest mistake. It could happen to anyone. All right, see ya.
Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!
I wasn't doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now?
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Strip Happy Days Game?
Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
If you don't sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
You're all invited to bite me!
Thank you. Cha-ching! Oh, well hello Mr. Lincoln. Better luck next time buddy. And the drinks are on me!
Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go.
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
Noo! I can't take any more secrets! I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
I don't know, it's such a long trip.
I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
Really? Why?
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
Hi.
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
Yuck!
The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
What is it?
I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
What?
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
Oh uh, when?
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
He has the most amazing Porsche under there!
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
I don't think tho.
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together.
It's just I can't because my manager said I... "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!
Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have more children.
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
What you got?
All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I'll take a check for the other hundred.
That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
Get to the problem!
Hey, listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director, and he was thinking, maybe this time you don't hit Drake, you just wait on the tables?
Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald?
Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not.
Joey... Switzerland?
Oh... food. No, sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I don't know! Good God, I don't know, I want girls on bread!
No, you gotta pick one!
Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up!
So, you busy Thursday?
Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.
Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Oh, what the hell is that?
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
I know but it's so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Oh yeah? That's great!
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
Oh nothing, we're just talking. Y'know, blah-blah-blah.
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen.
What?! All right-Hey! Don't look at me! You're the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
Joey!
Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell. but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when you're talking, people know you're lying.
Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
Well, I'm going to kill you.
You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films.
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Hey!
Hey, if you wanna grab a bite before work we'd better get acrimonious. No? Am I getting close? Opening credits.
Yeah, I know the type.
Alright, alright, okay, uhm... How 'bout this, how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow we'll both go and we'll tell him together.
Yeah, 'cause that's what we do.
So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
You guys have one of those signs that says 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
I like that. What?
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
There's a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn't even be put up for it! She'd better have a good reason.
Estelle? Why?
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
Joey look it's really sweet...
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Okay. Well, you be careful.
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
Yeah.
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
What trail?
Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? Because I can stop doing that, I really, really think I can!
I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
What difference does that make?!
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
They tore it down a few days early.
I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book .
Whoa ho.
It wasn't my ring! It fell out of Ross's jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
As we all are at some point during the day.
Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
You're pretending the pillow's a girl right?
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
You got waaaay too much free time.
The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes-Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Well, you...don't look good Joe.
Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
And for the gentleman?
Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
Bye.
I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
Oh man!
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Well I like both eggs equally.
Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
As crazy as soccer?
Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
You were saying you didn't want to seem stupid.
Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
Maybe. I-I don't know-Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Hello? Hey Joey!
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
I can't help it. I need the meat. The baby needs the meat.
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like dorks.
So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
To the bathroom!
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Sorry.
No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
Wow. What does that mean?
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
What? Ow!
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Rachel has those in burgendy.
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
Amy Welch? Wow! I haven't seen her since... So, Monica about ready?
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross's situation?
Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
Oh, that's true.
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
What?
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Really? That's great!
Right. Dja bu bu Claude. Uh, c'est la pu les la lu blah bloo.
Whenever you're ready Joey.
Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
You know! At the place I told you about last night?
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
You think?
I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just like you! Only better looking and richer.
Yeah! Welcome, it is Soap Opera week here on Pyramid, let's meet our contestants. First, Gene Lester is a database specialist, he's gonna be playing with "Days of Our Life's" star Joey Tribbiani!
You got it! And the rabbi's beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! It's your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! Wayne! Wayne!!
The shipment never made it through Omaha?
Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
Sure. Ummm. What's up?
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
Again I must go back to, how?
I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
In 1981 you were 13!
Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
You crossed the line. Joey, describe for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on the clock, please. Ready, go!
Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
You said the waiter ate my crab cake.
Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! .
Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Joey!
I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Clearly we were wrong.
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
All right, you're hired!
But why?! I should've won one and I really want it and she didn't even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Joey, you have got to take this back!
Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Is there a problem?
Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street butt.'
Time is money my friend?
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
I Play Al Pacino's Butt. All Right? He Goes Into The Shower, And Then- I'M His Butt.
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Oh my God! Oh my God!
That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
No, I didn't.
Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
Ok.
Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying.
Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Joey...
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
I've been back and forth.
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder!
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
So, so sorry.
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
I don't believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly!
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Oh my... God?
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Hey, I've been married 3 times
Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Oh!
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Why?! What happened?!
Guess I don't know. My experience: if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesn't say no to much else, I tell ya...
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... Can it?
Pantyhose! Y'know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here... I should go take these off shouldn't I?
Hmm?
Uhm... A penis model. Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Yes... What is the end of that sentence?
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Wait, what do you mean you're getting a new brain?
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Her dancer friends?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
The next, next?
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
Well, honey, it is pretty competitive. I mean I've got an actual rocket scientist here.
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring everything as soon as it's ready? Appetizers, entrees, we don't care.
Both it is, thank you.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
When did that happen to you?!
Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.
I know, this is a great apartment.
Oh, a wiseacre. . No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
I intend to marry her.
The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
Hey, stripper!
Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southern "I could go right now, maaan!"
No. Thank you so much for coming in. We appreciate it, thank you.
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Yeah? I hope you're not thinking about cleaning the living room.
I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
...is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So...
Yeah?
He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted-I'll see you later.
What a minute, what did he say?
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
Yeah?
Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose. Wait a minute...
Yeah?
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Still broken?
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
Yeah.
Have a seat. Last night, I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead, you disrespect me... I cannot allow this.
This is... great...
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
Oh wait, Joey, you can't go like that! You stink!
We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Yes! Your honor?
I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Well... not in the same way...
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
Maybe the pogo-stick likes it too?
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Umm, Jo's a girl, it's short for Josephine.
Everybody smile! Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! Kill me. Kill me now.
Okay!
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
No Joe, no miracle.
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
But ah, you're safe from it if it's in the freezer?
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Yeah. What-what should I do?
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
A teacher?
No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Are you a paleontologist?
Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
If can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
Well, I'd like to but, I'm not sure we have time to go.
All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
Ok, we gotta go, yeah? So, we'll see you guys tomorrow.
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
You're so welcome.
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
Oh.
I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are dull!
... yeah, it's true.
OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
That's my sister.
Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
Maybe not even then.
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
OK Joey, your bet.
Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Here you go.
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
You wanna play?
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
Well, what did you do?
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
MY SANDWICH!!!!!!
Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
This is terrible, what are you going to do?
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
It was really fun, I mean I've never talked on a car phone before.
No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
What? No, I want to watch this. . Did your cable go out?
Yeah. Sorry about that. Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl?
No. I'm all alone.
Ah, can I just say I know we're doing this for Ross, and that's cool, but if it was up to me, this is not what we'd be doing on our first date.
"Willing to adopt triplets?" No!
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
Oh, now you're sad and creepy, oh. You know what, I, I'm sorry I quit, okay, I just quit.
I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
Well did you try calling her?
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
No, I just thought it was cute.
Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he'd better come up here and apologize. I'll see you later.
Oh! My hero! What happened?
What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon! Huh? I'm old! I'm tired! Hey, I'm hot I'm cold!! Huh?? Come on! What can't I do?
Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're right for the part.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
Yeah you can do it.
Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Good for you.
You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do oneeyebrow and now... they don't match!
I am sorry, moment to make fun of that, please!
I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge on Chandler.
Excuse me! You didn't tell him, did you?
I can do that! "Hello, I'm your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I'm y'know insecure about my manhood or anything y'know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
Feel better?
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.
Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. I didn't get it, did I?
No, the line is pick a bag, so you need to pick up the bag.
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
What's wrong?
Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
It's not charity, Joe...
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
No, I'm-I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. You put this on, you're good to go. Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Hey.
I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart from the great food.
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
No! No! No!
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Uh-huh.
Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
I hate this thing!
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
His dancing partner?!
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
It's okay. You know, I totally understand, alright? You guys, make way more sense than her and I ever did, you know. And... I want you to be happy.
What?
Well, he said I wasn't urgent enough, you know, and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh, and he said that I should think less.
What happened?
Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
Hey Joey.
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Well, I'm sorry. I just thought I'd try to make the place a little nicer.
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.
Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...'
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. What? What, now?
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Great, now he's waving back.
Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Huh? What?
Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
She's not much of a phone person.
That's what I wanted to hear! Because she's family, ok, and now you're gonna be family, and there is nothing more important in the whole world, than family.
Joe, I love Phoebe. She's the single most important thing in my life. I'd die before I let anything happen to her.
...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Well... It's a date.
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
Y'know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza.
Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
Okay.
Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway... and in a real theatre, not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
Yes.
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... Yeah, I could see it.
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! You don't think he's here, do you?
I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
Well, I don't know.... huh-huh.... but I'm hoping huh-huh.
"Take could care of your Momma son." "Take could care of your Momma son." "Come on son! Your Momma's good people!"
And Action!
Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
Monica, leave him alone!
Thanks man. Did you hear that, you guys? You're gonna get to stay here! And, and it's good, you know, 'cause, 'cause now you have a reason to come visit.
You know, I - I think you're set with the poultry.
Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
Well, I thought so too, but then she said she'd marry you.
Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. How you doin?
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a sex tape... Wait a minute... This says Monica... And this is Richard's apartment...
There's a tape here with Monica's name on it.
An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me...
Oh that was a real person?!
Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
No.
Well, hey! Well... Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... I wanna say Mike? To Phoebe and Mike!
Well, it was really sweet, and like the most romantic thing ever.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you'll be very, very happy. It's the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
Excuse me... .
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Don't move! Don't go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! . Pooh.
I, I have to go before I put your head through a wall.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
No. No.
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Yay!! Oh so, you're not, you're not mad at us anymore?
And I couldn't find this little plastic thing that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
uh-huh.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
Well, you're welcome. And tell them we're really glad they're coming.
No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
Yeah, thanks.
The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels.
About what?
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
Well, I guess that's something.
Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
Thank you!
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
What?
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
Oh, I'm sorry what?
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
What, that wasn't the great news?
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
So Joey, you okay?
Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were!
Here!
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I don't know if I can take anymoreplucking. It hurts so bad!
Yeah, well, I guess you don't need my help Victor Victoria!
Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Joey, it's Anne Geddes. She's a famous artist.
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Oh right, your allergies. All her, she hates you.
All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Ross! Janice?!
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Dude, chill! Okay, we also kissed in Barbados, but we didn't plan it, okay? And the only reason that that happened was because I saw you kissing Charlie.
No, come on, that is a lie. We also kissed in Barbados.
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Oh Joey, look, we know you're having a hard time with this, but we really, we love it here.
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Oh! Oh!
Oh, that's what she meant! You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
Oh, no! The MET! The Metropolitan Museum of Art.
You wanna see what I got? Okay? I've got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
You don't have, anything?
God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'
Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth.
Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
My god, what happened?
Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you lied to me and tricked me and gave me a bump on the head.
Yeah. I feel so bad. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do. Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Coo, again. Don't blame the pretty lady. It was not her fault. It was me, the pigeon, coo! Seriously, stop staring at her.
Oh my God! I didn't feel a thing ! Hey, are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles aroundthat sadistic bitch at the saloon.
And done!
Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes. Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
Really?
Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Maybe I'll take her to that new French restaurant down the street...
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
What?!
Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
Where do you work?
Quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, tweet, quack...
Damn, that window is clean.
And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
Wow!
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
Because I cared enough to lie!
No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don't know why you're pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there's a spot open.
Joey, the guy's your best friend.
I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
Is she gonna be all right?
All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in the skinny one soI don't look stupid for my pictures.
It's like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama!
Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
Are you kidding?!
Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
Why?
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
So, what do you thing the good news is?
Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it.
That's a little more than I wanted to see.
I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean There are things you do..and you now, things.. that you don't do .
Fine, I'm sorry, I didn't think it was that big a deal.
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?
Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene?
Joey, look at me! I'm a nurse!
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
You did look like an idiot.
Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
I'm sorry, I can't! I'm running a discussion group all afternoon.
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Hi!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
So what are you guys out doing today?
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Great. Great.
I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. Excuse me. Joey Tribbiani.
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
No, that was clenching.
Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
The only problem!
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Tribbiani! Hold on, I'll get the plunger.
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Oh Joey!
No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
Are you gonna go over there?
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Tell me it's "you and me" we.
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
Okayyyy! Anddd, go!
I went back to Riffs. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
Hey, where you been?
Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake.
I can't help you Joey.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. Nothing.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
Now calm down Joey.
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn't invited and you got "and guest?!"
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Yep. Pretty much.
Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Yeah?
Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! $500 that is a loooot of electricity! Whoo-ho-ho! I gotta buy some food.
Great! It worked! No one's sad.
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
I want you to say that you like her!
He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel... with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep.
Oh oh oh! I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!!
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to...grow a turtleneck!
What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Good for you. That was really mature.
Yeah. You know? You just... Look, you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does, okay? Maybe, maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
Yeah?
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Oh.
Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
Watch. Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest.
Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Listen uh, I'm really sorry, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn't there!
Hey it's Joey!
Look, I told ya, I'm not going to any clinic! I don't have a problem, you're the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
So you're playing a little Playstation, huh? That's whack! Playstation is whack! 'Sup with the whack Playstation, 'sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Take whatever you want, just please don't hurt me.
Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme.
Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Are you calling me selfish?!
AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get in here again!
Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
How-how did you lose your job here?
Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's speech...
You know... I feel so bad! I haven't seen you this whole trip and especially last night...
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
She was a welder.
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
So uh, do you live around here?
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for... Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
I am your friend.
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just... Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
Well, if you want, you can work here.
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
Nothing?
Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
What was the dream about?
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
Marry me.
I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
What? How come that you don't have to go!
Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Oh, yay!
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
Probably because...
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
What happened?
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
All right.
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?
I don't have any great ideas. I am eight.
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
Oh yeah! But you know what? If you need Hugsy, don't worry. Emma will totally understand. I won't... but whatever .
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Y'know what? That's a lot to remember, can't I just tell her you're a pig?
Hey, don't start judging me! Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Fine.
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Come on Joey, don't make me feel badly about this.
No, not really. They give you all the information, it's uh, it's like memorizing a script. "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period.
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
You're gonna keep an eye on us?
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes.
We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
Yeah.
I am on fire! Chandler : Listen...this is really nice. Do you... Did you write a cheque to Monica for two thousand dollars? Did Monica borrow money from you?
Oh ok.
Yep. I just, I just watched her sleep for like hours, just breathing in and breathing out. And then I knew she was dreaming 'cause, 'cause her eyes keep going like this.
Oh my.
The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it's at the perfect angle so you don't get any glare coming of off Stevie.
Joey, it's just a chair! What's the big deal?
Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks Ishould have my eyebrows waxed. Is that weird for a guy?
Why did I get married?!
Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit.
What happened?
No, no, no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look, Ross, about, about Rachel and I. Listen, you don't have to worry about that, okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
So you took off my pants and shoes?
Wha-a how about this: Another table leaves, right? But there's still some food left on their place, okay, what's the restaurant's policy about people eatin' that?
You can't order until your entire party has arrived. Restaurant policy.
Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
I think my character's gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.
Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
Damn! I wish I knew if that was right!
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
I'll do it.
Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
What's an identical hand twin?
Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. Okay, here goes. How you a-doin'? It worked! She's waving me over. Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they're just, you know, they're nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
You're arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
You can let some of them go by!
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...
"You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for Bang End Scene!"
"She never loved me, she only loved you."
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
I called the sperm bank today, they haven't sold a single unit of Tribianni. Nobody wants my product. I mean, I-I-I don't get it Maybe if they met me in person.
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
That's great.
Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing. TV: "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"
Hi mum, put her back on!
Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Well, what's the part?
come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
I really, really think I would remember sleeping with you.
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
Joe?
HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
: what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night.
Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping to plant the emus...
Do you have any ideas?
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta.
Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...
What are you talking about? Sarah's great!
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Uhh, no.
All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Oh okay, I'll-I'll try.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
OOooooo!
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
You left a shoe here?!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don't hold back. and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Have you really done this before?
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- That's fine, yeah...
Right, I'll see you guys later...
Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice!
Hey, hey! Boo us? Boo you!
Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
Nice work my friend.
Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen...
Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Really. What?
Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
Who are you?
Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Crazy bitch.
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
What-what?! You're gonna leave this person with me?!
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Whaddya see?
Okay. Table, you have given us so many great times. And you guys, Jordan, Victor, Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
I understand.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown &#150; I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..
She's nice, huh? To think I almost brought my wife to this!
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
Wow, you're really crazy about her, huh?
More back talk. And yes, I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for "Family Honor 2: Thissa Time Itsa Personal."
Are you rehearsing for some really bad mafia movie?
Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
Alrighty, here come the water works.
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Hey, man. What's up?
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
Yes that would have made more sense.
Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! I couldn't do it to Ross!
But why, why not?
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
Yeah, we could do that without y'know risking our lives at all!
Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Hey buddy! How's it going?
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?
The job is in Paris.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
You mean this.
Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
But what about how much taller he is than me?
Maybe that's okay. You know? Maybe, maybe it is better this way? I mean, now, now you can move on. I mean, you've been trying to for so long, maybe now that you're on different continents.. Right?
But now she'll never know how he feels!
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
What?
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
Well, if that's what you want. I'll just put it all in my room.
Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react?
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I'm doing something exciting and I don't wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y'know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
Oh it's important!
I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
No! No-no-no...
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
That's what Monica said.
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a cantaloupe might hurt less.
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
And why wouldn't he get it?
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don't need that kind of talk in my house!
Joey, I can't do that!
Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye.
So talk to her.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
Joey! No way. I'm not answering that.
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
Joey, we had a deal. That-that's why you're here! I've got to fire you!
Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained.
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Yeah? Okay, I think I'll play it at the wedding.
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
It's a curling iron.
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
No! Joey, you're going to be great!
Hey! As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and, if you blow bubbles in its face, it chases ya!
Hey! There you are!
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
Really?
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
Wow, he must like you the best.
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
Then what's the problem?
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
Okay, now's not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
Do you really want an award you didn't win?
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
Is all this true?
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
What, now?
Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
Hey, what did your agent say?
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
What's the matter? Are you upset?
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Two! I've been engaged twice!
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
Yeah, you have to go fight for her!
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
Y'know which one was she again?
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..."
Oh, ok.
No, no. Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey, she doesn't have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor, because if she doesn't, people die!
Joey.
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
I don't know, I don't know.
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? Have you not talked about it yet? Am I making you uncomfortable? If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh.
Yeah, I kinda do. Well, how's this?
Yeah, I figure they'll love it at the new house, you know? It has that big backyard. And then, when they get old, they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
I did not see that coming.
Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right.
Oh, thanks!
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
He's not here right now.
Oh...baby-proofing... Why is this such a big deal now? Y'know, when I was a kid it was like.. "Whoops! Joey fell down the stairs!" or er.. "Whoops! Joey electrocuted himself again!" Huh!
Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-proof the apartment.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
That's sweet, Joey.
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
But we don't know the neighbors.
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
What?
What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing, okay? First, Phoebe getting married Congratulations! ... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
It's in Paris.
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
You got me.
Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
Yeah so, Tuesday?
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Ooh, good God, they're so yummy!
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it's the same day as my niece's christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. 'Cause my part's just in the beginning I'm not even in the rest of the show-Wedding!
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
Hmmm, that's very cool.
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
Oh my God!
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
What happened?
You're right. You're right. I-I'll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I'll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there if you want to check that out.
Okay, look, just do it gently.
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
I don't know.
Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. Choo! Choo! Choo! Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it... Choo!! And if I don't get it, I'm gonna shoot this duck!
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
Great!
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
Yeah. Ooh God, there's that face again! See I can't do this job! I...
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Well, what am I going to say?
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
That's not a question.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I think it's better if you tell him, you know. It's easier for a woman. That way, you know, if he gets mad, all you have to do is go... I didn't mean it. I'm so so--ooory.
Well, I tried, but then he had a shampoo related emergency. So I guess now it's your turn again.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
Five oh dollars.
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
Okay, so it's probably just the Ross thing then.
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
Yeah. O-okay.
Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that egg nog in our fridge was great!
No, that seems about right.
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
We owe you?!
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Wow! Wow! And it's definitely all gone? There's nothing there to work with? What were you thinking?
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
All right, see ya Pheebs.
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Really?
Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay? And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
Yeah?
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Here's how I know you didn't watch the tape, ok? If you had seen what was on this tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan.
Well, this is going well.
Oh and Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach or uh, or saying "mmm" and uh, oh oh! And smiling , okay?
Ah well, can't blame a guy for trying!
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
What's wrong with you?
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
What's up?
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it's really doing nothing for me.
Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
You-you-you didn't know that. Well, I guess my work here is done!
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
You'll vamp?!
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
What was it for?
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Is there something wrong?
Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
Borrow money from me?
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn't mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you're just an idiot in a box!
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
So what happens next?
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
I'm here to see Mary-Angela.
Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
Okay!!
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
That is true.
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
I'm sure you have better things to do.
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Thanks.
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Didn't you sleep together?
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
No, I'm leaving to get my hair dyed.
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don't order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That's a good way to lose some fingers!
I'm sorry, I can't believe I set you up with such a MONSTER!
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
I'm sorry! This never happened to me before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open! I blame your bra!
Well this is romantic!
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
Rachel! You okay?
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
You told me I was the only one.
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
So how was, how was your date?
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
I am sorry, Ross.
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
What's up with the greed Joe?
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
What?!
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Why?
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
You were in a porno?
That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Cupping.
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her?? You guys are killing me! She's forbidden fruit! It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable boy ... Why are you doing this, huh? Did Ross tell you not to let me go over there?
I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.
Noo, more like a notebook... Damn it! Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shmoo-print'... Can't say that either? Woha... hey... In high school, I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
Diary.
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. Hey, remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
Do you not know each other?
Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right!Just a little bit of shock that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!
We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just a little bit...
Thank you. Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails.
Well, I guess they're not coming. You wanna just order?
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
They said stuff to me too, y'know!
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
Ok, listen, thanks for coming in.
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
What equity investments?
All right look man, I didn't want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It's not even a name; it's barely even a word. Okay? It's kinda like chandelier, but it's not! All right? It's a stupid, stupid non-name!
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
What the hell happened?!
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
Hey, that kid looks familiar.
Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
Look at you all grown up.
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
What? What are you, what are you talking about?
Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the word "puppy." Okay, So He Said "If your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together, I'm gonna fire her mother-puppy ass."
Hey. So, what did he say?
Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. He said.. "Joey you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin was gone-who took it?
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
I did, but that was really fun.
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
I don't know!
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
What?! Why?!
Yeah! Right! People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say: "Excuse me, I'll have a bucket of fried bird." Or... or maybe just a wing or...
Joe... Emus are birds. You raise them for meat.
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up the apartment.
All right, you know what? We don't have a choice. It's like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if I'd gotten the part. "Those are our men in there, we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine."
I know! It's.. It's the foosball table.
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
You do, huh?
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn't. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Ewwww!!
Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Well.
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Look there is no way you're doing this wedding now. Okay?
Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok? First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... Stop lying!
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. Dude, where's my speech? That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody.
Then I'm happy too.
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Joey, this is awkward part.
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Ah, finally an explanation.
I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I'll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. What were we talking about?
Well, I still think that it's a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and
Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Look, c'mon, please? It's not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I am a professional actor! Oh, man, I'm two hours late for work! . Look, here's a copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in.
I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna be interested in.
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
Okay, I'm gonna go get Frank.
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Oh! Hello? Yeah this is Phoebe. Really?!
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
And a date with a man!
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Joey, it's a birthday party.
Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while!?
I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job!
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
You gave her food poisoning!?
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
I have to get back to...
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Oh yeah!
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Isn't the Mastodon from the Pliocene Epic?
I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00 AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
What are you going to do?
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
Looks to me like he's the one getting the job.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
I'm sorry Joey that's...that's the way it is.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
When did I try to give you money?
I don't know. She's got to be taking it hard, I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I'm guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she's not a great agent, but she did stick with me for ten years. I'm gonna call her and hire her again.
No, that wouldn't kill her. Ordinary embolism might.
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, Grandma's chicken salad...
Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug . This guy's Canadian . And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. Joey: Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
I think I am.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
Good luck.
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
Oh, I couldn't be happier.
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: 'How you doing?' You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please.
Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. This is a play. No, listen: if you insist on this, I will call my agent so fast on a cell phone that has a connection that is so clear he's gonna think I'm next door.
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
So she's a woman! So what?
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
"Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
Na-ah.
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch?
Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You're so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, 'cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y'know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just...it-it fits. Y'know? And you just know it's gonna last forever.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream!
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Don't touch him!
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Yeah!
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here?
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Yeah, I guess it is. Listen, I ah, I gotta say good bye, and-and I gotta say it quick 'cause this is killing me. One thing you gotta know, is that I will never forget you. But, you've got things you have to do now, and so do I. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne, baby, I'm gonna want to meet her.
So this is it? Victor?
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. Joey: Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! Closing credits.
Joey, you never..you never talked about that before...
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
Let us begin. Dearly beloved...
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
do you have any cake? >>> Joey's Subconscious So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute I think I've been scared by that painting before. You know what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment I know I've seen this weird plant before AWCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
your welcome again, I'm gonna make some coffee can I get you anything?
Uh, why, it's a... one of her favorites, uh, "Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression" eesh! "Love you forever". Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be". . And while he rocked her, he sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be".
Oh, ok, which one?
There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Excellent!
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
