Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
First of all um, I love you both so much and you're both so important to me...
Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Yes!!! Oh!!
Hypothetically!
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Weeeell, it's rum, and-
Okay.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
God, I woke the beast. Sorry. I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
You are so cute.
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
My god. You still have your Christmas lights up?
Fill this out and bring it back to me.
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
What?
You've got panties stuck to your leg.
It's good to see you.
It's good to see you too.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Um-hmm.
What am I making him by the way?
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
That's not funny.
Well that's not true.
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
You do?
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
No way. No way did you do this.
Monana was very brave.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
Heyyy!! You got the door open!!
Hey-hey are you drunk?
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Noo!!!
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Uh, it's 2:30 in the morning!
Yeah, get out!
One more game?
Oh yeah!
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
In a bad way?
Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud?
I told mom and dad last night, they seemed to take it pretty well.
Sorry.
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
What a wank!
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
I'm close. I'm cheap. I'm the king.
'Okay. Okay, daddy we'll see you tomorrow night. Okay bye-bye.'
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special if you pick my guy.
All right.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more...
You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Big time!
Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Oh, look, wish me luck!
What for?
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
But I...
It is? Really?
Yeah, sweetie.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
OK, tip the man.
Hey, here's a theme: Come on in, live like bacon.
Ooh, this is it, 74.
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.
Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
She's not Rachel.
Oh my god.
Oh my god good?
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
She lets you borrow them.
Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
What else?
When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Just, I love you so much. Just...It's just sometimes it bothers me that I'm never gonna have that feeling. Y'know when you meet someone for the first time and it's new and exciting? Y'know that rush?
Doesn't it ever just freak you out that-that you're never gonna be with anybody new again?
What?
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Okay, but all right you're a guy, does it not freak you that you're never gonna sleep with anybody else?
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
I didn't know you could get married here.
May I help you?
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Floopy?
Yeah.
Oh, like that's a word.
Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
How do you mean?
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Sure.
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
I want the little round waffles.
Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast!
Arghhhh!!!!!!
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
BEND OVER?!!!
...and then Zana, just let one rip!!
You know where I work!
I do?
Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
To get you to make out with him!!!
Ohhh.
I don't know what I'm going to do. That date starts in like an hour.
Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
For camp!
Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
Okay well I think...that's your answer.
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Uh-huh.
Look I want you, now.
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
Joey, no means no!
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Whoa.
Yes, and the dimmer switch.
Whoa! For a rich guy he's got, that's a pretty small TV.
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Oh thank you, Chandler, this is so great, she's gonna love me.
Okay, dinosaur attack!! Quick, everybody into the house!! Ahh-ahh! Roof! Rrroof-roof-roof!
Okay, fine. Come dinosaur, we're not welcome in the house of no imagination.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
It's that terrible?
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
I love you too.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Well if you want a problem? I'll give you a problem!
What are you gonna do? You're gonna fire me?
No.
How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it's funny now?
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
No.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
But we can go, right?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Yay!
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Oh hey, here Pheebs.
Nah, I don't feel like playing.
All right. Okay. I'm starving!
Phoebe, honey, wanna get some breakfast?
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
Come on.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Hey!
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
Is it dry in here?
Let me, let me get you some wine!
Well, smack my ass and call me Judy! These are fantastic!
I'm so glad you liked them!
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Did you like her? And I'm just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
Well, you seem fine.
You mean like exclusive friends?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Ohh, here you are. Y'know, I'm-I'm glad you decided to hear me out.
Okay, I'm hearing.
What?!
Or! A bakery delivery person.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Whatcha doin'?
Ooh.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
What?
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Umm, can we see you ride it?
Okay. See?
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
No, I know. But y'know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
Oww!
Yeah, you like that baby? May we help you?
How is that ever going to happen?!
All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Well maybe we just take that one away.
Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird.
Ow!
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Monica! Hi honey.
All right, on the table.
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Yeah.
All right. I think it was a mouse.
How are you honey?
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
What?!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Phoebe!
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
I'm gonna do it.
But I...
Please!
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.
Umm, I'm still here.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
This sucks, I was just up by that much!
Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Oh my God! You dated someone with a glass eye too?!
Come on, okay, come on this is for all womankind. Let's kill 'um!
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Two girls and a boy?
Yeah!
Sure! But hey, you know this way sounds good too.
Yeah.
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Okay. I'll be right there.
Hey Maureen! Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
We're the Bings.
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
They kept your room for a while.
Come on, you know they love you.
As much as they love you?
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Really?
Sorry.
Who?
Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. Just easier that way.
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Well, I did not know that.
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
Nooo!
No-no-no-no, we're done.
Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Hey!
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Why to save your dignity my man.
Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
I can't believe you're gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
I said name one!
I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
I'm just easing you in.
Oh, alright.
Actually, if it's possible, I love you more.
Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Sure.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Another good point.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
Yes!
What thing?
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
I'm gonna do it.
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Yeah! You're the best!
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Your sunglasses?!
Yes!
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Pete, can I get you something else?
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
And, we're done with the yogurt.
Sorry.
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Hello!
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Hey Robert, could you ah, ha, pass me those cookies?
Sure.
Yeah, I do think it's better this way. Yeah, we're being smart. Yes, I'm sure.
You really sure?
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
Ok.
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Hey, hey, look at that talent.
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
I called him.
Nooo.
Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Here, I got it. I'll will play my message for you guys, and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Rach, does this have nonfat milk?
Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
Alright, shall we?
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
Oh hi kids. Hi darling.
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
No! No! I wanna see you take-off.
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
Thank God.
I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
What does it look like? I'm going home.
Come on! I was there! I know he's the love of your life.
Not any more.
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
So how's it going with you guys?
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
Ah!!
Oh, we used to drive each other crazy playing the shadow game.
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
That, that's what's stupid.
I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Looking up?
Oh yeah-No, she was really nice to me, but she's in hell for sure.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Are you crazy?!
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
No.
I mean don't you trust her?
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Sure.
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
"You have two new messages."
Wow, what a cool job. 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Hey, you can't say you're breezy, that, that totally negates the breezy.
Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.
I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
What did you get?
Credit.
Hi.
Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Yeah, someplace nice. How much do you think I can get for my kidney?
I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Oh.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
Hi!
Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita?
Get out! I couldn't stop if a meteor hit me.
Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier.
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Look, you and I went to different high schools...
Okay, that doesn't help me, because we went to the same high school.
They had to have that specially made?!
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
What?
Are you serious?
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
Thanks, I'm glad you see it that way.
Ohhh-hoo, funny story!
So you like it?
Oh, it is sooo perfect. Thank you so much.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
Well, then can we meet him?
Nope. Schhorry.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
Really?
Well yeah! But now that I know that you're having these thoughts, I'm back to panic, anxiety, and uh I'm definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Water! Water! Water!
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
What?!
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
What Richard thing?
Simmons! Go with Simmons!
I'm not mad.
Really?!
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
No, I can't afford this either. No. I-I-I'm, I'm just to figure out which one I want then I'm gonna get it at Kleinman's, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Have you found your dress yet?
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
Oh, thanks for the tip.
Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Well, you said that we except the Discover Card, which we do not!
Hey! I'm proud of that sauce, it's delicious.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Okay!
I have.
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Because we can remember them.
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Listen you guys, I don't mean to be a pain about this but, um, I've noticed that some of you are just placing them on. You wanna push the caps until you hear them click. Gunther, where're you going?
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
I um, was sorta thinking about maybe...
No. No you can't go. No this is fun. Come on we're just getting started. Here, here's your marker.
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Alright, I'll call you.
I don't think you mean that.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, we certainly are alone.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Right.
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Hey!
Hey, how'd it go?
Mon! I'm so happy for you!
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Ethan, it's um... it's icky.
Icky? You're actually gonna throw this away because it's icky?
No, don't say it.
...love you.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
...And then he burst into flames.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Nah... not-not special enough.
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
No, my first fan mail.
Alright!
Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
I still cannot believe you're engaged! Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you're such a loser.
Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Already?!
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
How-how did that happen?
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Oh, y'know-y'know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Well, y'know, sometimes that helps.
Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica...
Monica...
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Really?
I think I do! Thank you, Monica.
I thought you could use the help.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Oo, toes!! Well, for some people.
Dr. Geller, there's a seat over here.
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
This is the most special day of our lives.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Hey!
How did we do?
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
What?!
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Yeah baby! No baby!
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
He's fine!
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Chandler?
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Because the kids need new shoes.
This will just be my batch.
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Mon?
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
No.
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you!
Yeah, I heard it.
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Really?
Of course!
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
Hi, remember us?
Mmm hmmm.
You're that stupid.
I am. I'm that stupid.
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
Hey, I went up.
What?
Do what?
Put all my money in me.
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
What?! We can't do that!
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Y'know, she tried to undress me too.
I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
I've got a question. Richard made plans again with the guys.
Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
What are you going to make?
Yummy noises.
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
We're switching rooms.
Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
Hey!
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Ok, so let's talk money.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
Have you ever seen so much crap?
Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Hi Dr. Greene. So, uh, how's everything in the uh, vascular surgery....game?
It's not a game Ross, a woman died on my table today.
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
What?
Oh honey, but it is just about...
It is! It is!
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
In the game room!
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
No, that's cold, that's cold, that's...
How's it going?
Ooh!
Uh, I am, uh, to say good-bye.
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
Check it out!! Jam crackers!
Yeah, the Knicks rule!
Joey, this is you!
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Can't hear you!
No ma'am.
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
What a baby.
Total wuss!
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica.
What do you got there?
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
Ok honey, you really need a job.
Mon, speaking of which, dad says he knows someone you can call for an interview.
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Chicken Kiev?
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
No! Listen, I'm not gonna go through this with you again, okay. Just once I wanna beat when you can't blame it on the broken nose, the buzzer, or the fact that you thought you were getting mono. Let's just call this, tie score and it's halftime.
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Woo-yay!!
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
Y'know what? I'll think you'll play.
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
It's okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica.
Awww, come on-wait-stop it. Okay, to Monica.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Bye! See you later!
Fun Bobby is so great.
Half full of looooovvvvve.
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
You had no relationship!!
No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
Come on, hurry!
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh, good. Thanks.
Now what is Fabutec?
Waxine!!
Yes! Have you seen it?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
You mean like exclusive friends?
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
Oh, you go out with him.
Oh, really?!
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.
Gotcha.
Oh, you bet I am!
Okay, here's your penis!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
I think that's fair.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Hi.
What?
If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page.
Hey, how'd the interview go?
So don't do it.
How can I not do it? I have $127 in the bank.
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Blow drying what, you have no hair.
What's goin' on?
Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Oh!
No.
Oh.
Here's your check. That'll be $4.12.
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Okay.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
That was pretty 007.
Hey.
Yeah, they're not coming.
What?!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
Oh no, let her stay out there. It's sweet.
Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. I'll be in the closet.
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever.
She is a kook.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
You know!
Okay. Good one.
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
Way to be strong, man!
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.
Yeah?
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
Doesn't matter.
What?
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
You want his yearbook?
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
It's really not that big!
Takin' that with you, huh?
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh my god.
What?
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
All right, you!
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Hi.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Aww, I love you so...
What is wrong with you?!!!
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Yeah, me too!
Oh, look at that.
What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
You sound like a guy.
You'll have a last kiss.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
And you're still not attracted to him at all?
Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
This woman's living my life.
What?
You're not an artist.
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Okay.
Are you all right?
Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that-
Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
No, no, no, no. Tick, tick, tick, tick.
Okay, fine.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Well it didn't!
What?!
Okay, that we may be able to do.
How?
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
I love you too.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
I'd do anything for you.
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
Help!
Where have you been?
Oh, just had a baby.
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
I was frustrated with you!
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I think that's fair.
It's okay! Shh! Hey. Hey. Shhhh.
Nothing. I don't kn-Umm. I don't know. Umm...
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
What was that?
Monica knows.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
I'm not arguing with that.
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision.
It's your joke.
Is not.
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.
Wow! You are way to young to have seen that!
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad.
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
What is taking so long?! I mean whatever!
So this is Brooklyn.
Okay.
Got it.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Hey!
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she's gonna be yours.
Great nap.
Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ow, Monica bang! Everybody bang. Ben bang. Rachel bang. Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
Oh my God! He's gonna rat me out!
Monica bang!
Look at that! Look at that! We all do it. Okay, I'm stopping now.
You okay?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Tonight, but don't say anything. Okay?
I'll see you after work sweetie.
Okay. Bye!
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
It's Hexadrin.
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
Oh.
Oh! My head! Oh! Oh!
See? That's what I mean. I mean that, that's great! But I wouldn't trade in what I have for that. I mean I'm gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that's what makes me happy. Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don't you think?
I miss you already!!
I miss you too!!!!
Oh totally! Pull my finger.
Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is McKensize...
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Sure!
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
No.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
You love her!
What-what is love really?
I am a good kisser.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
Yeah!
Okay.
Aww!
That's it! Take it! Take it! Take it!
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Hey!
Hey! What's up?
I bet I stopped listening before you did.
Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Not any more!
Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
Your outgoing message has now been changed.
Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
Ugh!
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
Oh my God.
I know. I need more pie.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends...
Wooo!! Hoo!!
Okay quick, help me get this off!
Yeah!!
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Well, what am I going to say?
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
Oh. Oh, that's great!
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
He took off?
Go on! Go on.
Chandler?
No, that's okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever gonna had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it's okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I'm sure?
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
I don't know. A month?
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Sometimes we were.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
You're our age!
So ah, we on for tomorrow?
Yeah, kinda.
Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Why?
Because!
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Well, the turkey's burnt. Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined.
Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else. And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my People magazine comes on Saturday, and the new Hold Everything catalog. Y'know but that does not mean that I'm empty, I care about things. I care about my friends and family. You have no right to make that kind of judgment about me.
So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?
What?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You don't even know me...
