I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
That's it. That's my whole name.
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
You brought a picnic, oh, what a boyfriend. That's it, on Monday I start wearing make-up.
Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
Well you said you couldn't go out so....
Ross honey, this is very nice, but, but I-I got a crisis.
Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
Richard? We're ready for you. Joey Tribbiani? This is Richard Crosby he's playing Vincent.
Hey Joey! We're ready.
Yeah! Me too.
I'm doing my scenes with you?
Nice to meet you Joey.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Take thee, EM-I-LY...
Take thee, Emily. Like there'd be anybody else.
Looks like that might come any minute.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Sophie, would you please climb out of my butt. Why hasn't he called, Rachel? Why?
Why?! Why?! He said he'd call. Why hasn't he called?
Maybe he's intimated by really smart, strong, successful women.
Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
So, listen guys, are we uh, are we ok here?
We're ok.
I can't believe you thought that you were going to video tape us having sex on the first date!
Oh, candles! What is that? A blanket? A video camera? Oh my God!
Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!
Hiya.
Joey, is what she just said umm-Oh my God. You were actually gonna...
Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.
Mockolate. It's a completely synthetic chocolate substitute.
Ohh.
All right. Mmm-mmm.
Yeah?
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
Well...
No. I...
Because if you feel uncomfortable with your friend dating someone you work for, there are always ways to fix...that.
Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?
You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
I wanna quit the gym.
Me? No.
Sorry, members only.
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Isn't that mine?
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Yes, they can stay with us.
Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Hey!
No. No, thank you!
Well Judy, you did it! She's finally full!
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
I don't care. Why, do you want me to care?
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
And so now you guys are gonna be married?
Oh my God!! Great!
Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!
I don't know how museums work in England but, here, you're not supposed to take stuff.
Bye.
Right, I've got to be off, I'll see ya. Buh-bye then.
What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see?
Wow, love your new nose!
Jack.
I'll get it.
No, God! Please, let me!
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
Oh-no.
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Do something..... Something....
Hey.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
I am supposed to be the mommy?
Okay, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
I will flip you for it.
You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
You work and you work and you work on a boat...
He always ridiculed my pottery classs...
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
Thank you. Uh...
So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
I don't want you taking that thing.
Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
No kiddin,' that's the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Hey. What are we drinkin' over here.
Well, I have ah, vodka and cranberry juice.
Wow. Okay, I don't know how to talk to you.
What 'cha doing?
Y'know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn't.
You-you have a very beautiful... eye.
Y'know all my friends think this is weird.
I know! I mean it's like me and your dad, that's a totally separate thing.
Oh, I totally agree.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?
No, I'm sorry. I have to go.
She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.
Are we still on that?
We just know she's got the IQ of a napkin.
Can you believe this place?
I know, this is a great apartment.
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Why would he turn off the TV?
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off.
Hey, what happened to you?
Oh, ah nothin'. I just felt like hangin' out here and reading.
Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
I know. You're the guy who wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
Nevermind!
I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm...
Jen.
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
Ginger.
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
Come here, come here. Okay, don't get mad, okay.
Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.
I know! And I'm just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!
Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.
I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
Oh no! Where to? Too Paris?
Ooh, actually I've been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Oh. Wow! Huh. Boy! Well, someone's been doing their homework.
Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so...
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
I have nothing to do with casting.
So what're you guys gonna eat?
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
I want you right here, right now.
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story.
Well, that's sort of a given, but yes. Anyone else?
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Take thee Ross...
Take thee Ross...
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.
Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
I wasn't invited.
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
I certainly see what the girls like coming here.
Why?!
Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. Are you okay?
Just call me Paul.
Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
You just don't look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.
Well, we were very young when we had her.
But your chin here. Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.
Sit down.
Okay.
What?!
A small puff of air, now come on!
Well, I wouldn't call her a star, but she's really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Hey!
Hey!
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
No one was around to hear that?
So what'd he say?
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Do you want a date Saturday?
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
You want me to wear your panties?
Could ya?
But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.
Ohh, tough call.
Yeah.
So how do you kids like your coffee?
Oh, none for me. Thanks.
So Monica let me ask you a question. Y'know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?
Uh, no! No! That's...art! If it bothers you I can put my art out.
No that's, that's okay.
Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
Oh really?
Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!
Oh, so did I.
No tongue.
HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
Yes, I am.
Is it--?
Congratulations.
Oh, sweetie, I'm sorry.
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
What's wrong?
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.
What?
I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...
No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?
Okay, what the hell, what the hell. You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?
Okay, okay, okay. Y'know what, this was just really expensive. And I'll take- this was a gift.
Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.
I can hop.
So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!
Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?
We don't have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We've got a canoe.
Pretty nice?
You'll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe.
You gotta take the canoe!
Look, it's like I told you, there's nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.
Uh, may I help you?
Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.
Nobody sees the king!
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Probably Monica and Chandler.
Hi. Could I have a pack of Newport Lights, please?
That'd be great, thanks.
Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don't think I have the energy for this.
Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
Nooo!
I know!
Please! I have people coming from out of town today! And, I told them all about your candy!
Hi! I'm sorry, I know it's after hours but I really need candy.
I'm sorry, I can't help you. See? Rules are rules.
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell 'em?
I told 'em your candy is absolutely indescribable!
Okay ladies, that ends today's class, and let's remember, let's be safe out there.
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
No! You're the sweetest!
It's a great class.
Thanks.
You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.
May I help you?
Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
What does she mean?
I think she means 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon.
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
Booo!!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
What a wank!
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Take a seat. You okay? You feeling all right?
Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. Can I get some water?
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
We really do feel bad about this though.
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Huh?
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Well yeah!!
Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Nooo!!
...it was like the Algonquin kids table.
Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.
That's weird.
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
She's supposed to be with you.
You're good.
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Well, if we learned one thing today C.H.E.E.S.E. is that cheerleaders and high explosives don't mix.
Ohh whoops.
Careful! You're wasting good pastrami! Oh my God! I'm my dad!
You can say that again Mac.
Well, I couldn't have done it without you buddy. You're a genius.
I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now.
Wow! You are really good at this.
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Hey!
Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey.
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
Hi Rachel!
Hey!
So were done then!
Almost! But first, we gotta start.
Ah, cool! Taco shells! You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.
Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
You know, I don't know what I'm looking for.
You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
Hey! Sugar-O's!
Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'
For Chandler!
Okay. I'm in.
Does it have to be a whole day?
Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.
Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.
And if I want to call for a reference on your last job?
Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
No, just a salad will be fine.
Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like
Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? Good luck, Rach.
I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
Tell me about it!
Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
Oh honey, come on, have a sense of humour, you've never been able to laugh at yourself.
No-no-no, that was all true. This was just in case you pulled a Monica.
You promised Dr. Weinburg, you'd never use that phrase.
That's right. My Mom doesn't have any faith in me! Oh, that's hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I don't get it.
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Eight months.
That's a really long time.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
Oh that one is available now, but only identical twins are eligible. It's a twins study.
Well, here's a schedule of what's coming up.
Thanks. Well but this one starts now.
But it's $2,000.
Sorry.
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
Okay. Sometimes I feel...
Huh?
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
What?!
Umm, Ginger's gonna take over this corner.
Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
Um, not even a little bit.
It's about you.
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
Really? Well, in that case...
And that's I'm so glad... there's no problem.
Ohh! That's great!
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
I had a really nice time tonight.
So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
Oh, I thought I heard you.
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
We appear to have angered it.
We?! We angered it?!
Oh God!
Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to...
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
Hi!
Like it would help.
You are so bad!
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
What?!
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
Yeah, if you're really hungry. It was a joke, I made a joke.
Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster.
It's not a library...
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
Y'know you could totally sell this. It'd be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.
Wow, that's great.
Oh, yeah!
I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.
What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
I'm supposed to meet and hug a fan whose dying, but that's not supposed to be until later!
You're not the fan who's dying are you?
Say what?
No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
Oh that was a real person?!
Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early...
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.
Oh no, I'm fully qualified to...
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
Yeah. Her. All of them. Anyone.
Yeah, I've been there my friend.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Hey, dragon! Here's your tips from Monday and Tuesday.
There's like-there's like 300 bucks in this one!
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
Because we can remember them.
And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
Or maybe, maybe he could grab her, and, and, and, and lift her up.
Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
And then right, right when the scene ends, he could take her with this raw, animal....
Yeah, well, I had a 24-inch waist. You lose things. Now come on, get outta my way.
Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now.
Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Hey, hey, hey there aren't any clothes in it.
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
All right, you two, stop it!
No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
It's James Bond.
Sorry we're late.
Dr. Burke, it, it's me.
Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.
Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
Yeah... Bunny-rabbit.
So you ah, ready for our last practice?
Look, you wanna use our place?
No, I ahh, had another idea.
Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, "Excuse me, hello Miss," so now Im here.
Hi. Okay, will that be all?
Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
No, no... how come you are working here?
Right, yeah, cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
I'm all done.
Thank God.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
I'll always remember that summer, because it's when I got all of these freckles.
Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.
I'm sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....
It's not funny, this is actually my job.
Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
Ah, just one other thing.
I know I didn't do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.
Professor Geller?
Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
And why exactly would I do that?
Because I'm in love with you.
Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?
What? Is it my breath?
No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!
Yeah. Well, umm.....
Rach, are you okay?
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. So, how ya been?
I've been great, just great. How have you been?
The head tilt?
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
Stop the bus! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player?
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
I know I couldn't. So....
Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now.
Dr. Burke will see you know.
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
Ready?
Hey! I'm sorry! That- where are you going?
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's down the hall and uh, second door to your left.
Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
This is for the fourth grade.
Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
What, what's what you mean?
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Oh. Oh!
So where are we going next?
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?
Okay, I-I get the picture. Uh, thanks, for your time.
And a 50. Huh, these must be Chandler's pants.
Oh, I-I think I'm gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
I ah, will buy and wrap all of your Christmas gifts.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Hi Ralph.
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Okay, so...no toner today. Thanks anyway, bye-bye.
No-no wait-wait! I can't just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
Really?! What's your name?
Umm, Frank Buffay.
You're Frank Buffay?
Shh! No! Joe Hill!
Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter but... Okay, why not?
Wow! What an unusual cat!
Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it?
Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000.
What?!
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Then I've gotta go. Bye.
Mon-Monica?
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Huh.
More wine, dear?
Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!
Uh-huh. Wow! Well, look! There's Frank.
Yes!! Yes! Yes! Yes!! That's my Dad, that's Frank! Yeah! I'm sorry I'm getting all flingy.
No-no, sorry. Cookies are good, thanks.
Oh.
Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!
Wait, you're not 'G.Stephanopoulos?' Man, my dad's gonna kill me!
Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?
Yeah, that sounds about right.
No he's not! He's totally yanking your chain! He's done this with three other teachers!
Well why not you changed Ned's grade!
Well that's different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
What?
He's got a girlfriend!
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Again, very sorry.
I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. Liam, Devon, this is Ross.
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe.
Help! Help!! Help! Help!!
Hey, mate.
How are ya man?
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
That sounds like Nana.
...I can imagine.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Oh, please! She's always got a broom in her hand!
Hey!
Check this out? Huh? Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.
Actually I ah, I am a poet.
Oh, then you do know it. So um what kind of things do you write about?
Mine? Right here?
I can write an epic poem about this lip.
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
You mean like exclusive friends?
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
That's not true, you don't have a moustache.
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?
We were playing rugby.
Ross play rugby? I don't think so.
What's ah, what's so funny about that?
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Oh great! I'll keep it in my butt with your nose.
That's weird, she locked the door.
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
Yeah!
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
I look more like him than you do!
Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.
Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric Sorry.
Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
Mmm-hmm. Because I know that this isn't the end.
Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Oh, no I don't.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
Excuse me, I'm standing right here!
Oh yes, there you are.
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
What?
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
Really, a shower huh? And uh, which-which room might that be?
The one with "Heston" on it.
Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center.
Mr. Tribbiani.
Oh hi!
Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth?
I think it was valued at 19,000
Yeah, that's what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. Ooohh, to a Porsche! Hey Gunther, these yours?
Na-uh! Hey did anybody lose their keys?
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
Hmm, bummer.
No. But thanks.
Aw come on Phoebe would you just think about it?
That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...
Oh yeah, I'm so excited, I've never been there.
Oh, well, I'll show you around.
Oh, there's tonnes of terrific stuff-I'll go with you!
Ahh!
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
The Waltham Residence.
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.
You didn't get the money, did you?
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.
That's it! 25 percent? That means that's it's like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Insane!
...from the syphilis.
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk!
Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer.
You're all invited to bite me!
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Actually, no, we're not.
Yeah, we are.
She's upstairs. Monica! Come down! Everyone's here! Ross, Rachel, and the boy who hates Thanksgiving.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
So uh, where's Monica?
Hi, Chandler.
Oh my God!
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
Are you guys going to Chandler's for Thanksgiving?
Yeah! Yeah, why? What's up?
For real?
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
If anyone asks, we'll just say Ben addressed them. Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
Yeah, they're fine.
Yeah?
Sure. Why not?
Really?
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Whenever you're ready.
Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you."
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Oh my God!!
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Joey...
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Oh!
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.
That was great, the kids loved you.
Yay, I rock.
But.
How did you know there was a but?
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
No, I'm... not going to Minsk.
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Uh, ow.
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
Isn't there?
Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
It's okay...
Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?!
3-B!
Oh yeah, aww!
Yeah, leave!
Yeah, get out! Now!
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.
Umm, this may be a little weird, but I-I-I got a date here.
Oh, say no more!
Oh, that-that would be great. So you didn't even get to Italy?
Yep, sucks!
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
...I can imagine.
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Tell her what?
At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.
Nice to meet ya.
Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
Wow.
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Alright we're back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven!
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Okay, it all comes down to this. Whatever happens, happens. Destiny.
Three, Two, One!
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Well, then that guy is in serious, serious trouble.
All right! You go get him! Let's go!
Kidding! I'm gonna get there early, but I'm going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.
You're into hardcore S&M right?
Well, I-I guess-I...
Yeah, great, you betcha!
I almost forget the tickets, didn't I?
Okay, here's where we go to the live shot of Times Square, nice work everyone that's a wrap!
Cut!
No! Year! Happy No Year!
Hey! Look who I found!
Oh, hey guys!
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Yeah.
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks!
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
That's right! That's right, don't you play a woman?
A woman in a man's body.
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
Sorry, Pheebs.
Yeah. You okay?
Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?
Hi.
Ah here, we brought wine.
Oh, that's great. Look at that.
So, Monica, how's the ankle?
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
Rachel! You okay?
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
I'm having surgery!
What?!
No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
I like that.
Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Ew, this feels very weird.
You touch people's eyeballs every day and this feels weird.
Oops.
Okay.
I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.
No, you started it.
You did!
But...
Now go!
None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we're just gonna be right over there having coffee.
Uhh, we were just in the neighbourhood, so...
Yeah, so we just thought we'd stop by and let you know there's still no pressure.
Okay.
Oh, who's this little guy?!
Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Let it go, Ross.
Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Geez, we're gonna be late, sweetie...
....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular now.
Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.
Hi!
Hey.
Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
Ahh, I'm afraid I have some bad news. Marcel has passed on.
Oh my God, what happened?
I can't believe this.
I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.
Oh, yeah!
Keep talkin'.
Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
Like a hound?
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
Ohh! That's great!
Really?!
No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
What's up?
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Hi.
Hey! Hello, babe! Wh what're what're you doing here?
Thank you. Uh...
So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don't wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Well, I'm sorry, I thought you needed them!
No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.
I don't see it. You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand!
Okay, you're dancing with that girl over there.
No-no-no-no-no we came together!
No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Really, y'think so? I don't..
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
Forget it.
So it's-it's not heeled yet?
Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
What is it, Tim?
Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Sometimes I have bad dreams.
Wow! That was good. That was... Tweezers?
No.
You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?
Well? Aren't you gonna do something?
Uhh....
Nah.
Phoebe?
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
So, I hear, you hate me!
I, ah, I never said hate, I was very careful about that.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, We've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea you and me spending some quality time together.
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
Seeing some more of your super-cool slides.
Wow! Really?!
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Oh great! Thanks Ross, you're such a good friend!
Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!
Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!
Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
I know.. it's gonna be really hard.
Well, he's a big boy, he'll get over it.
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
Fired! Why?
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
No.
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
She's still with you?
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
God!
All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food.
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Hell, I wanna see Joey.
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
All I say is, she better get the job.
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
Gay? Yeah.
Hey! Terry.
Wait! Terry! Wait-Look-Wait I-I... Look, I'm really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I'm too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
I can't help you Joey.
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
Oh boy, I just love to sing!
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship...
I know! And I'm just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!
Well, you've got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.
You're an excellent patient!
So how does it look?
Like a pirate?!
If that helps you.
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Clearly, I'm having sex with him?
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call sometime, we could talk or somethin'.
I gotta friend named Mark.
That'll work too.
Yeah, that'd be ok.
Alright.
Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
Which do I like?
Yeah, y'know for dating, general merriment, taking back to your windmill...
Yes!!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! She obviously didn't understand the question.
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.
Sure. So how long you been...
Since then?!
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.
I love you Phoebe.
So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?
No Cobb, as in cobb salad.
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
So, I think you're boxes are over here.
Wow! Great! Wait, dad who-who's cigarettes are these?
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym... Oooh, my rock polisher!
Oh look, look there's your old makeup kit!
That guy has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He's complained about you three times!
What did I tell you about talking to your friends while you're working?
Uhh do it?
Well, where was I?
Hi!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
It's not random, it's Bob.
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. Are you all right sweethart?
Oww!!
Game!
I'm not all right.
We're, we're just gonna get a little sip of water.
Wait Joey! You didn't need to come down because the director saw your tape from yesterday and loved it.
Actually, I tried to call to you. You didn't need to come down here today.
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
And scene! Huh? Wasn't that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying?
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
If I have to I'll, I'll do all again , I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing, I'll go to the P.T.A. meetings, I'll coach the soccer team.
Really?
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
But you're not.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Oh but then, they went and dropped you down that elevator shaft.
They gave me the shaft all right.
Well Ahh, yeah! Yeah, sure, a drink sounds great.
Cool! I-I'll see you then.
Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I'm going to Florida for a couple weeks.
Oh good.
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was...
You are so adorable.
You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.
She seems fine now.
...emblem of the land I love. The home of....
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
What the?!
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
You're one to talk.
Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
All right, I just got changed in thirty seconds so you can be alone with him. You'd better go for it.
Ow! Ross!!
Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.
Please, I'm not going for anything.
Well, if you don't, I will.
Loosening the saddle on mother's horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired.
So?
No!
Thank you sweetheart.
I can't believe she's really gone. Look around you, all of this is ours.
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Oh, wow. I can't believe you're throwing that in my face.
No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
Um, I'm not.
Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Really?
Yeah, so, please don't fire me for doing this.
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
Oh, we killed them all.
Oh!
Please tell me you're stopping now.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
Oh, and he's got such a good heart! Doesn't he have a good heart?
Oh, I know...
Isn't this great?!
Don't spoil it.
Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.
Oh, classy.
Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.
Really. What?
Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Rachel?
Yeah.
Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
I would love it if I weren't here!
Me?!
Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.
I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.
Well, I guess thats why they call it psychology, sir.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
Susan, go deep.
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Dude!
Sorry!
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Buddy, my monkey?
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.
It's good to see you too.
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
Yeah.
I missed this.
Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
I know I am.
Who's doing shots?
Oh, he's fine. He's fine. It's just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn't like me.
Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Are you all right?
Oh come on! That's-that's... true.
Hi!
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
I found the picture!
Picture? What picture?
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
Oh, thanks.
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
Yes.
One, two, three...
Omm-pah, omm-pah, omm-pah.
And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
I'm just so excited to make the presents! Shoot!
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
Well, here's a schedule of what's coming up.
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she's the same size as me.
No, I'm good.
Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
Okay, we'll give a call if anything comes up.
Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
Woah, dude, burn.
I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
In human terms, I'd say Cybill Shepard.
Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Always illegal Joe.
Hey! Hey! This is ah, my fiance, Mrs. Knight.
Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Yeah, I know, I.
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
So how long have you known?
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Okay...
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Hey!
Hey!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
What? What's what you were afraid of?
What?
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!
Yeah, I love you. Okay, bye! Hi!
Hi!
Oh, honey, don't worry. She's gonna make it on time.
Yeah.
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding.
Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries.
Sir?
I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Oh God.
And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.
You okay?
Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I'm family, I'm it. Now, now I'm done.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
No.
But, it's not like we're losing anything. Y'know?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
I dunno. Maybe you wanted your marriage to fail.
Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.
When?
I don't know exactly.
But I do know that it's some time tomorrow.
Done?
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Uh, okay.
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Kinda.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Whattaya mean?
He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.
Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs...
Hey, there he is! There he is!
Hello New York!
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Hi Chandler.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.
Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
It was a really beautiful service.
What?
Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Ok.
Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating.
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
What're you gonna do, suck the door open?
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
Knock, knock, knock.
Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?
Ahh, yes.
She says it's to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.
You didn't bring me here to do that, did you?
She sent the chicken back again?!
Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
Are you a little off today? It's going terribly slowly.
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Thank you. Thank you.
Still rolling, annnnd action!
No! Of course we can still hang out with them. Just y'know, not two nights in a row. Okay?
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
I guess.
Thank you.
And uh, Liam, Liam's got bad knees. You hit him right and he'll go down like a lamp.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
But-but, Liam's on my team.
I don't care! You just get him!
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
So Lizzie, are-are-are you planning on staying the night?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
You make up songs?
I just, I y'know, I'm not very good at this. So, umm...
Well, I am.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Yeah, but not just that.
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
I just took your hat. See, I can be funny too. My, my joke is that I, I took your hat.
Uh, nothing, nothing's with him. Enjoy your coffee.
What just happened?
That, that is funny. Can I have it back?
No.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
What?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Oh no, not the thing. I hate the thing. What's the thing?
I can't do it. I'm sorry, I wish I could, but umm, see you have these feelings for me....
Huh?
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Maybe.
OH MY GOD!! I didn't really believe it until you just said it!!
Wow! This place is fabulous!
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
You in the back, you're getting it all wrong!
Yeah, but at least I'm doing it!
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Whoa, hey, that lady's all kinds of naked.
Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on!
Like finding money with naked people on it!
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
Oh, all she said was that I remind her too much of somebody. You have any idea who she's talking about?
I guess you guys heard, Rachel dumped me.
Yeah, I'm sorry man.
Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.
Oh.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
So tell me about this girl?
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Ehh, pardon me?
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
OH...MY...GAWD!!!!
Lucky bastard! Janice.
I'm fine.
Ohh! What is that on your finger?! I'm blind!
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
I would love it if I weren't here!
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!
You bought the beach house when I was 23!
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
Y-, y-, you like that show?
You don't like that show?
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
I tell ya, I-, I'm gonna go read in my room for a little while.
No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
There's a Mr. Bing!
Ohh!
I get that a lot.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Well, I could cut it.
Really?! You do that?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
You have really great hair.
Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Eh.
Eh?
Well, that makes me feel so good.
It was just so awkward and bumpy.
Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
Is that all?
Ohh, how is he?
Not so good, Simmons and I gave him a wedgie.
Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!
Hey pal.
Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?
Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
Oh yeah, that's right, look I got us a new goldfish. He's a lot fiestier that the last one.
Because if you feel uncomfortable with your friend dating someone you work for, there are always ways to fix...that.
The only person that should feel awkward is you, and you didn't tell him not to call me, did you?
No. I...
Call her! Call her now!
Multiple, so many paper cuts.
Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!!
Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
Awww!
This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
No.
What?!
Uh, hang out?! How long?
I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
He is?
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
This ring is from the 1920s, it's a one and a half carat diamond with sapphires on either side.
Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Or not, whatever.
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
Okay. Will you marry me?
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.
Yeah.
Alright, well tell me one of yours.
What if they get mixed up?
Boy I would just uh, I would freak out.
Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
I am so glad that you could come over tonight.
Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
What?
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
You wrote that you have a cute touchie?
Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and I'm kinda strangely proud of my butt.
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
Uh-huh, yeah.
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Nighty-nite.
You're not a dad. You're not a dad.
Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.
Ross, thats my jacket.
I know.
Good for you. Alrighty, next?
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.
What?
He thought you said gonad.
Oh, Larry.
Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Oh that's me, I gotta go.
Oh uh, o, OK.
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
You comin'?
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Sure.
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
We really do feel bad about this though.
What about when I started dating Chandler?
Well it was Chandler! We didn't think he'd ever propose!
Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I'm basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.
You have really great hair.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
What-what 'cha doin'?
Checking to see if it's even.
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
Uh, sure, why not.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
What's you point man?
Y'know what daddy? If you don't like Ross, that's fine. It doesn't matter to me, I'm gonna go out with him anyway.
Are you yelling at me?!
God no!
Really?!
Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! Still not yelling!
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh, wait a second! I didn't say I wasn't free!
Hey, Chandler, why don't we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Jack, is it all our fault? Were we bad parents?
Yes.
Hey, what's up?
You and me, next dance?
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
Now, wh-what, what is that like?
Yeah, yeah.
Why can't I find that?
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
Not necessarily...
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
I mean, there's a statue in Minsk...
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Umm, anyway...Do you want to have dinner tonight?
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me?
You are just the sweetest.
No! You're the sweetest!
Okay ladies, that ends today's class, and let's remember, let's be safe out there.
I used to umm, schedule my classes so I could watch Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives.
I know! I-I'm a big fan of yours.
What?!
Get out of here, really?!
Absolutely!
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
So, does that mean the audition is off?
What?!
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Ohh, I thought that you....
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Sorry, what?
He carries it everywhere, it's like a security blanket, but with ski boots and a kicky beret.
There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
He picked it out of the toy store himself, he loves it.
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.
Y'know it's ironic...
What?
We're just gonna be friends.
Y'know what?
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
It will be my pleasure. My guy has diplomatic coupons. Your guy can't even say coupons.
Uh, plate?
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Oh, that's all right, although you did cut into my busy day of sitting.
Um, do you wanna sit?
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Look honey, people get fired left and right in this business. I already got you an audition for Another World.
Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?
No, can we get back to me?
Alright. Cab driver number two?
You're welcome.
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
Okay, bye.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.
Ok.
Mmmm hmmm.
That's too much. Sorry.
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing.
What is that?
Oh my God!
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!
Oh, that sounds lovely. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Oh, thanks, thanks. Bye bye Jeannie.
Bye bye Joey.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Do you?
Yeah, I do, yeah.
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
Yeah, isn't it fantastic?
I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.
Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?
Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!
Oh, yeah! Yeah!
You tell your friend Chandler that we're definately broken up this time.
Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric Sorry.
She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!
Oh, what a fun office.
It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?
Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
She's your partner.
Hi. I'm Monica.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Okay...
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
The abridgment.
Oh, okay. The what?
Yeah. What kind of discount do we get?
Twenty percent.
Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.
Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.
Really?!
You haven't?
You have?
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
Is there a Julio here?
I am Julio.
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
No one likes a buttmunch.
All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.
I had a bra.
Hey, Dr. Farber.
What?!
I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.
Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Uhh, you said there was a party.
Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
No, I will not cave.
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.
Good for you. Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
That's OK.
Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
I'm Mrs. Dr. Barry Hunter hyphen Farber.
Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
Will you excuse me I have to um.....
Hey!
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica's place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.
Ah yeah, sorry about that.
It's okay. Come, come on in.
Oh.
Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!
Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.
Wow! That would be great.
Really?
Good morning.
Hi!
It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!
'Scuse me.
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room.
Hold on. Fill these out, sit over there.
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
Not to me.
Yeah, fair enough.
Bye Dan!
Uh, bye Monica.
That's what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you spit!
Well of course I am!
You know you've been spitting on me?!
Wow! Didn't know that.
Great!
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
What?! Anything! Anything!
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later.
Hey! How's it goin'?
Comin' out. Place your bet. Dice are out. Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!
Sure! Yeah! Las Vegas, number one!
Anybody lose this?
Hmm.
So uh, I'm on my way back to the bathroom.
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
Well kinda old, like 30.
Oh.
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
A little.
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
Oh, none for me. Thanks.
Just a little bit of sugar.
How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Oh, you get used to it.
Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this.
Hi.
Hi.
Oh my God.
What is with your nose?
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Happy to.
Yay!
You may kiss the bride.
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
What did you do when they found out?
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's!!
Hey! You guys, I'm writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
We both do that!
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
Would you excuse me for a second?
So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.
How are ya man?
Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? Help! Help!
Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
Oh my God. I think you're right.
Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.. ...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.
If you don't do it, I will.
So, um, what do you do for a living?
Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.
I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
Hi Kim.
Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
Ohh honey come here. Ohh it will be ok. We've all been there.
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal.
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?!
It seemed like such a simple idea.
Stupid Jack, the word is stupid.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Oh, we're having spaghetti! That's.... easy.
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Yeah! Okay.
Hey! Hey!
Who is it?
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!
Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Isn't this great?
Hmm.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
Wow.
What?
Me.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
You have some life here, sweetie.
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
For...me.
Well, not just for you.
Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.
Hey!
Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh?
Ohh, fun!
Ohh, great!
Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
Where's Benny? There he is! Where's Benny, there he is.
Hey, you know I got a question for ya. Just a little thing, no pressure.
Okay.
No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... ..bringing swordfish. are you gonna go to the, um?
This could be Gods way of telling us to eat at home.
Think she got fired at Riffs?
Im gonna wait till after we order. Its her, right.
It looks like her.
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Mon-Monica?
Yes?
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
Thank you, sir.
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Ross, there's one thing that really scares me still.
Yes, tell me.
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You're a teacher. I'm a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
Uh, I'm a little embarrassed about calling you a hottie on my evaluation...
That was you?
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
Oh, because I was thinking, the semester's over; you're not my teacher anymore.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
No! No dessert, just a check, please.
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Stop!! Stop it! You must stop! You are bad actors! This is a terrible play! I'll see you in the morning.
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
I've got no reason to stay.
I can't believe we go on in, in a week.
Hey, it's gonna be all right.
Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Oh, will you give me the thing.
Hi, Max!
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
No ma'am.
What the hell happened?!
I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It's been a long time since I had... 327 + 238 dollars!"
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
Phoebe, we have rules here, this isn't that kind of place.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn't what it looks like, 'cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Yes, I will tell her.
So you didn't leave the bank?
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
Ok. Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
Ok, uh, hey Richard, if you had an extra ticket to the Knicks game and you had to choose between a friend who smells and one who bruises you who would you pick?
Ok, that's Eric.
Glad to be of help. Matches.
So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Okay you two are asking the court for an annulment?
Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
So Ross was in college and decided to jump at the chance to take a young girl to her high school prom.
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
What a nice story!
Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Yeah, take your time.
I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.
Yeah, Joey and Chandler sure are funny.
Ohh-ha-ha!
Y'know, I gotta tell ya, I just loved your look when you were bald.
Really?!
Yeah, it's-it's my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would've told you about it, but I didn't know they would be here.
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
Oh.
So, all right.
Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad...
Awww!
This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone.
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
...And then he burst into flames.
Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Wait a minute, you don't have renter's insurance?!
No.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice?
I'd love some juice. Thanks.
Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
Well because I have to work on Monday, I have a big presentation.
Ok, nothing from the neck up. Or the waist down. Dana's ovulating.
Oh really, you guys tryin' again?
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Ohh, impressive.
Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
Okay. So I'll come by in a couple hours and pick you up?
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Any luck?
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
You put these on my desk!
I did not!
I'm not very fond of New York. Queens I like. Ooh, what is this sparkle something! Honey! Huh?
Monica! Where are you from?
New York.
Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Really?! Congratulations. When's the big day?
Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
Okay then!
Hmmm, soup! Hmm soup! Hmm, soup!
Oh yeah, no problem.
Thanks.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
No, this is a loaner.
I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.
Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.
Yeah, they're not so bad.
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What?
We've got a box.
I was probably waiting for it to open.
I gotta tell you, you look great now.
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
Alrighty. From the top.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.
Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.
Ahhh! My ah, my agent said it wasn't a dancing part.
....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?!
Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
Hi, how ya doing?
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Not so fast Wesley!
Remoray!
Oh! Thank God!
Hope! Hope!
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
Yes, I realize that...
And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
Good runnin' into you at the bank today, so ah, here's my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
Who's Chip?
Shhh!
Chip, is Chip Matthews.
The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
And then... your face is bloated?
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Yeah.
So are ready for the gym? They've got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.
Hey!
Hey.
No, I can spot you from here.
What?
Well, we kissed. I-I-I didn't initiate the kiss, but-but I also didn't stop it, and I've been feeling guilty.
I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
No!
Okay.
So umm, are we cool?
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
So... they sss-still seem normal.
That's because they are.
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.
Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
Of course it was a line!
Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So? Who?
You had sex, didn't you?
How do you do that?
You know Paul?
Paul the Wine Guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
Yes.
Great!
What?!
For all the free food you gave away.
Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
How are you doing?
Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.
Hey!
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Oh, no thanks, I'm just waiting for, uh, Joey Tribbiani.
I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
Russians! It showed them as terrorists and villains!
Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there!
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
I've never seen it!
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?
Yeah it is. . . what?
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Who's they?
Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Well, uh, I ate some.
Hello?
Hi.
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Like-like what?
Wow!
But... Well now, now's a different time for me.
I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart, you too Chandler.
Really.
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
You still can't stand her can you?
I'm sorry man, I tired, I really did.
Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
Some guys are just lucky I guess.
Dr. Remore, report to first floor emergency, stat.
No, no, they only said you.
Oh, ok. Alright.
Dom da-da dom! Here ye! Here ye! Delivery from the Mattress King. You Miss Geller?
Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin.
Oh.
Okay.
Sign here.
Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it's kinda fun hiding.
Well, whatever works for ya...
No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
Yeah.
Hey umm, you brought protection right?
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
You can't give up on your dream.
This is the boarding call for Flight 009.
Emily!
I'll bet your thinking, 'What's an intelligent girl who wants to be in fashion, doing making coffee?' Eh?
I'm not supposed to drink coffee, it makes me gassy.
I know!
Op.
Eh.
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
I'm having a conversation here! You were saying?
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
Oh that's great! Oh thank you so much!
You're so welcome.
Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
Oh, well just probably the worst one since I've been alive.
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Eh, do you believe that?
Yeah?
Just admit it Chandler, you have no backhand.
Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand.
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Step away from the duck.
Joey!
Hey!
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Hey guy!
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Yeah! Right!
Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Who knows?
Yes!! I knew it!! Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
Ok, yeah.
Alright. So um, stilts huh?
Ok.
Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn't. Now, see, that's acting.
Right, at the end, you choked on a cookie.
I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.
Do you have a sec?
Ah, sure, Nina. Whats up?
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
Maybe. But that doesnt explain why they keep taking my scissors.
Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
Sir.
Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families.
I have a family, I'm gonna be here.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
Bye.
Bye.
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
What's a koondis?
I guess it's worth a try.
Oh sure, we should see results-Whoa!! Clearly not the way to go!!
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
About what?
Y'know, about what happened with us.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Oh, yeah you loved that glove! You took it every place you went. You never went any place without that glove.
Nu-uh!
Oh, an old glove?
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
Oh, I don't know how that got in there.
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
Please, clean my beakers. I don't get out of the lab much.
That's good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
You're right! You're right. Don't say it.
I-I do though.
Is there ah, is there some way they can not be here. It's just ah, farm birds really kinda freak me out!
Behind you?
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Yeah, sure, okay. Okay.
Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in.
Look, youre cold, I have to pee, and... ..theres a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be?
Ooh, okay... good.
What is this place?
I think we have an answer.
Whats she doing here?
OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?
See.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
You are so smitten.
I am not.
No it's... Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Okay, don't freak out. I'll go.
Okay, I know. Hold on. Hey Ross?
Yeah?
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
Really? Well, in that case...
Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies have been.
Show me the badge again.
Shiny.
You are just nonstop!
We're outta here!
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Thank goodness.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Oh well, no I...
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
Huh!
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
You're not a senior?
Oh, I'm a senior... in High School.
Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!
I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.
Oh well, okay, good luck.
Yeah.
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
What?! Why?!
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
Do-do you, do you have brothers?
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?
Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Nice to meet ya.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up!
Did not.
How was that possible?
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
I think it's great you guys are doing this.
Well, we are great guys.
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
Honey, I'm sorry.
I can't believe there's somebody coming out of you right now. There's somebody coming out of you! Is it? Is it? It's my son.
Yes, it has a head!
All right. Keep pushing! Come on!
All right. Here's your first baby.
YESSSSS!!!!! We got a baby boy!!
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
Stupid, useless Canadian money!
Thank you.
Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.
Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
Yeah.
Ok, ok look, see, the thing is we're, we're not gonna fight you guys.
I think you played the Gunther card too soon.
Hey Phoeb's, I think you're good to go.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
Wow! I did not see that coming.
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
When I'm in a relationship, I love having a girlfriend.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Well, I need a whole new wardrobe. My wife, well my ex-wife...
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
I love you, Pete!!!
Pete! Pete!! That guy's pretty huge!
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Oh, I was gonna talk to him about doing something tonight.
Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Oh no!
Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
You really thought it was perfect?
Yeah, um, which ones in particular were great for you?
Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Ross, I'm gonna go.
Go? Why?
But-but Cailin, he definitely will scream.
Good bye Ross.
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Oh!
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
I don't think so.
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
Oh, come on!
Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
That won't be necessary.
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
You can watch our tape if you want.
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
Great. That would be fine.
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
God, what a mess.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Wow!
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
Where do I know you from?
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Hey, I've done plays before. I'm a serious actor.
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
That could be it.
Oh, god. You know, this is still pretty hot.
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Oh, I love you too. But...
And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
Yes, I realize that...
I love working with designers!
With them, under them, what's the difference? Eh, Rach?
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
What?
Oh yeah, like you never called!
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Why don't we do a trial run.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
You do now. You're having dinner with me.
Shut up.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.
Dr. Geller, Sherman Whitfield, London Institute.
Wow! What a pleasure.
Excuse me. Hi.
Yes?
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
My parents will be so happy.
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
I'm sorry Ray-ray. I mean if I thought it happened I would say it. Maybe I passed out and you did stuff to me while I was sleeping.
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
No!!
Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Whatever! What about you Meg?
What?!
She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl."
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
You're our third call tonight.
Really?
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
Hey Phoebe.
Hey Leslie, how'd you know I'd be here?
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
So ah, Phoebe tells us you write jingles.
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
Yeah, but it-it-it's my whole life-you come to England.
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
What?
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
Yeah?
Are you a virgin?
Really?
Yeah. You do know I was talking about you, right?
Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. Show 'em how it's done. Count it off.
Well, people!
People, people, people.
So ah, did you have fun at the bachelor party last night?
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he's just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...
Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!
Now get on out of here, you!
Run! Run you crazy, rich freak!
Oh, I can't watch this.
Oh, they're working on this week, it's a total mess. But uh, I'm staying at my parents' house, we could go there.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
Your parents'?
Yeah, they're out of town.
No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?
Yeah, it was my first date since the uh, since the divorce.
Well, congratulations, so do you love her?
Huh. Well, uh, that's uh, that's interesting.
Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?
I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don't think your son will think it's yours and be horribly traumatised?
Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
You think about it.
Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
Ohh, it's time to go.
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
Oh. Uh, what?
I can't. I can't believe I have plans, I can't. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Uh-huh.
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, is on this couch.
Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you!
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there.
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.
Absolutely, this will just be something we do, like racquetball.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Oh.
You want me to cancel it?
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
Chandler Bing?
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
It's been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.
Hey Ross!
Hey!
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
Ah yeah, sorry about that.
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
Ah, yeah, umm. Home is never far away..
Home is Home Star stew.
Hmm, bummer.
Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?
Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.
Oh, boy, do they suck.
Hey, listen, lady.... ...whoa.
Oh yeah? And who do you like?
The Celtics.
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
I'm moving in.
Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Boyfriend?
No.
Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice.
Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Ooooh.
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Not all bad.
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
I beg your pardon?
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Of course.
Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
How much do I owe you for the muffin and the latte?
Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
My parents called this afternoon to say they weren't coming.
Oh my god.
It's ok. I'm sorry.
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
He didn't have any.
Ok, so let's talk money.
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Have you ever seen so much crap?
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Okay! All right!
Okay. Okay.
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough.
Alright, well, be good, I love you.
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
And the man who made all this possible... Mr. Peter Becker.
One second.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
I don't have too. I can just look at you.
Not nice enough.
Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
I'm Scott.
Yeah, okay, Scott!
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
Oo, I can't watch this, it's like Sophie's Choice.
Ohhh, are you a puppy! Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this.
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller.
Okay, Chandler, come on!
Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face.
No-no I heard! I'm just sorry.
It can't happen like this. Okay? I'll meet you back at the hotel.
Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter-Uh, tress!
Hey Pheebs!
All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
God I know, you're right.
Okay, I'll see you after the thing.
Okay, good luck
No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
Thank you! Thank you so much!
Stop!
We'll talk later.
Yeah. Thank you.
Oh, like I'd give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.
The movie theatre, you used to come in all the time.
You still work at the multiplex?
Thanks, I'm set. Do you still live with your parents?
Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.
Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
Hey.
God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
Yeah he was wasn't he.
Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything.
Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!
What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Dad, dad.
Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now
Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
Oh.
Heh?
Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...
I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.
Yeah. Are we nuts here?
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in.
Yeah.
So.
Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.
Ohh, Ross, please!
One more day, seriously/
So, then you can stay as long as you want.
I wish I could.
Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-with her and her daughter.
Oh, umm, all right.
So how did you know Francis?
Really?! What's your name?
Umm, Frank Buffay.
Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I'll be here. Not smoking.
I know.
Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
Chandler.
Where is she? I'm not scared of you!
No, but you should go to Chandler's. Because none of us knows how to cook, we'll probably just end up drinking all day.
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
For real?
Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Well I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh! I'm getting all misty here! You'd think I was having my legs waxed or something.
We?
I know it would make me happy, ma'am.
You okay?
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Really stupid.
Yeah. No. No...
Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please. Let's roll it.. water's working .. and... action.
That would work.
Right. Okay. Losing the robe. And the robe is lost.
And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?
Well, I'm- I'm showering.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Huh.
Uhhuh, how did you know that?
It's textbook.
People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!
I think she means 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon.
Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
She could be you.
Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Me too! I'm sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.
Ohh. No that's okay, he's a friend.
Yeah, I... Well y'know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I'd just be lost.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
Oh my God, who died on this?!
Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?
Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Oh my God, does she really thinks that?
Well, can you blame her?
Dad, dad I don't want to hear about it.
Really?
And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Oh God! I gotta go!
Come on! All the cool kids are eating 'em!
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
Yeah, isn't that great?
Mmm.
Abso... ...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.
Really?
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Chandler?
I-I'm sorry?
Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty.
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
That's OK.
We can't do that.
What? What can't you do?
Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
Who's next?
Hi there!
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Wait a minute, wait, this is because of you?
Okay.
Okay, but.
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
Oh. Whew!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
I think that's fair.
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
No. But that reminds me, sign this.
What is it?
Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
Ross.
Chandler.
Hey, you guys.
Happy birthday.
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
Ross! So when is it gonna air?
Okay, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.
Hey. Oh no it's fine, don't worry about it. Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it's okay. Yeah! I'll talk to you tomorrow. I should uh, probably go.
Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
Oh yeah man. Joey.
Yeah. Yes! Yeah.
I forgot my purse.
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
Ohhh, you're having a parteee.
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir?
Hi Monica.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
Hmm.
I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself.
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
Oh?
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
No, I'm sorry.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
I'd really rather talk to him.
Oh.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Charles.
It-it's so great to see you both here.
Don't you have a little too much penis to be wearing a dress like that?
Oh my God!
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Really? That okay, that's great.
All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
Yes it does.
Ok, I have to sleep on the west side because I grew up in California and otherwise the ocean would be on the wrong side.
Hey come on, you haven't heard my reason yet.
Alright, go on.
Oh my God, you're a freak.
Yeah. How 'bout that.
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Oh, that's okay, I can't wait to see everything again! All of the memories...
I used to love to play restaurant.
Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
Dr. Burke, it, it's me.
Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight.
Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. So, how ya been?
Excuse me. You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Hey!
Who isn't?
I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross.
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
Yeah, refrigerator college.
Yeah.
You can't give up on your dream.
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Hopefully.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
How long do cats live?
I'm sorry?
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.
You put your balloons down!!
Everybody put their balloons down!!! Now this is a nice suit!!
Ugh! So close!
Hey you guys! Look!
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
Ross.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
Really? That okay, that's great.
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
Larry?
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
And where is your hat?
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
You made him a candle light dinner in the park?
Yeah, but I-I-I-I can do that for you, I'm gonna do that for you.
Everything's gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Yeah-yeah, it's this huge place, and-and it's got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?
Yeah, they're out of town.
Ohh.
Yeah that works.
They-they-they can smell fear.
The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, barnyard animals.
How did you know there was a but?
I sense these things. It was either but or butter.
I can do that.
Really?
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...
Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Uhh, yeah.
Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
Aw, Mom...
I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me?
No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant.
Well, they don't have to know that...
Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
I'll never forget you.
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
There y'go, kids.
And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight.
They musta read the sonogram wrong. 'Cause they, 'cause they thought it was a boy, but Chandler's a girl! Chandler's a girl!
Chandler's a girl!
Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
Okay, keep saying it!
Am I too late?!
Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.
Oh please!
So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Oh-oh-oh-oh!
Aww, look who's being suddenly shy. You can't tell me you don't feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
I-I-I-I'm just...I'm just a good kisser!
Shut up!
Willya relax? Look around. No pagan altars, no piles of bones in the corners, they're fine. Go like this.
That's because they are.
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
Oh no!
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!
Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
I am so sorry.
That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
Ummm, I think it's time to see the ring again.
Oh, isn't it exciting, I mean it's like having a boyfriend for life.
All right, I'm leaving! Because I'm not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That's you Rachel!
Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
I just don't see why those two can't work things out!
Yeah, I got that.
And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?
Well, I don't know tonight when they yelled cut and we didn't get to kiss, I was really, really, disappointed, and I just, really wanted to kiss you
3, 2, 1. Happy New Year.
Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
In the moment, yeah.
So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Hey, how's my favorite parenting team doing?
Dr. Franzblau, hi.
Oh, I love them. Each one's like a little party in my uterus.
They're every four minutes and last 55 seconds.
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
What?
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!
Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You're not feeling left out or anything are ya?
Thank you, sir.
Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.
No. No, not at all, that's-that's ridiculous.
Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don't you?
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
Hey.
Hey. Gosh, you look soo familiar.
So. How'd you guys meet?
Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom.
Just us.
Oh, what a crappy night!
Excuse me. How ya doin'?
So, do we have the best friends or what?
Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found ninja stars, I almost got arm broken by a hooker...
This?
Uh-huh.
She wasn't a hooker.
Well, when I tell my friends about her she will be.
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
So...What?
Yes!
Okay.
You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
Wow!
You keep saying that.
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Oh god, don't tell me, I did it wrong.
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
Not for her. Listen, I really wanted to thank you.
Okay..
Wow.
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Hang on.
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Two.
Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
No, Frank.
No you can't quit college! No! You're in college? Really?
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
Please tell me you're stopping now.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It's nice.
Oh. Oh.
Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
He hooked up!! Tell us about her!
Ross you left you scarf in... Hey you guys.
Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
She said what?
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
OK, everyone gather up.
'Scuse us
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air?
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
Okay, okay, come on, you can do it. You can do it!
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
All right, he's coming. He's coming!
Ahh, forget it! I'll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I'm just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.
Ahhhh! I'm sorry!
No, it's okay, but if I'm Marge, my breasts are coming out my back.
Come on man, you're not a potato.
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
Monica, I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
You wanna what?!
What are you talking about?
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
No! Y'know what Rachel? You're right, y'know he has been really nice to me.
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
What?
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Because that would be fantastic. What? You wanna kiss me?
Thinkin' about it.
Buddy, my monkey?
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
Oh no-no-no, it's still me.
Oh, oh, okay umm, so I'll see you soon.
Okay, I love you.
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Good luck.
You too.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned.
Uh-huh.
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
...and I know I'll never miss doing it, but I gotta tell you, it's pretty cool knowing that you're making a difference in a kid's life.
Really?!
Yeah, maybe he just cheated on you.
That is so great! Oh, I... Oh my God!
Whoa!
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
You don't want him, but you don't want me to have him?
Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Hey! You have no right to tell me what to do.
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
Oh, just had a baby.
Mazel tov!
No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
No, it's hard enough to get women to go out with me.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
Working with blind kids.
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
You are?
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Oh no-no believe me, I'm leaving as soon as possible!
Good. Good. Not that we don't want you to stay, obviously you're welcome-How much more homework do you have?
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
What do you need from the car?
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
Oh, wow thanks! Oh you're in real estate!
Wow! What do you do now?
I'm a party planner. I'll see you tomorrow.
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
So that's your second marriage in two years.
Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
I'm sorry, is this the same Rachel who's name you said at the altar in the second marriage?
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Oh no, it isn't! No! I think Barry is seeing someone in the city.
Um, what- what would make you think that?
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach.
Yeah Ross it's okay, it's me, Mr. Stevens.
Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
Bye!
I'll call you later. Bye Ross.
Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?
Eh.
Oh, you got me.
Oh, that sounds great.
Come on over here, sweetheart.
Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.
No no no, I wanna hear it from your lips.
Where did you hear it from before?
I heard that.
Hey.
Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
You're welcome.
Hate that guy!
Night, you guys.
I'm sorry Chandler, y'know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don't want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.
Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don't feel that way about you.
Oh no-no-no, that's not-No-no-no!
No-no-Really?!
Of course!
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
So I was wondering....
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
I'm also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.
Oh, really.
But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Kick save and... denied.
Man you are incredible.
Well, we had a table in college.
Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.
Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
Well, Adrian's looking for a reason to stay, right? Victor can't just kiss her, he's gotta, gotta really give her a reason, y'know?
Well umm, maybe if it had more heat.
How do you mean?
Maybe he could slip her the tongue.
Or maybe, maybe he could grab her, and, and, and, and lift her up.
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Ahh, ahh, excuse me.
Yeah?
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
But it's my car!
Yeah, but it's my wax.
Sure. Here. I'll uh, save your parking spot.
I'm not coming back.
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
Okay, what was wrong with that call?
Oh well, all right...um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Oh.
So, I think you're ready to sell toner, do you have any last questions?
I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
Again, very sorry.
Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
All right. I'll come to New York and we'll try and make this work.
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when when the laughter stops.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Huh.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Oh God.
I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.
You bet. Maybe some other time?
Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.
Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
What's going on?
Okay, he sees us. Now don't move. Don't look at him.
You okay man?
Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
That's right!
Hey Estelle, listen...
What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
Really?!
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Daddy cut me off.
Never mind, I got it.
Wow! What did he say?
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
You mean Dr. Geller?
Doctor? Wow! I didn't know he had a nickname.
Well, how-how come?
That's just the way it is.
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
What?!
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Ross, it's going to be okay. I'm not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.
Oh, don't worry I have plenty of sun block, it's SPF-30.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Really?
Yeah! I'm just going down there to relax and hang out with my friends.
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
That's so sweet.
Living with you would make me happy.
Phoebe, you don't have to say that.
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
Your... excuse me?
WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net...
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
It doesnt matter. You dont dip your pen in the company ink.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really, really great.
Oh, wow.
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
The head tilt?
I'm sorry.
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
Or your keys.
Ok.
Before I forget, are we hitting faces?
Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
I know I'm no John Bon Jovi, or someone who find attractive, I'm just, I think, y'know, that you might end up feeling differently.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
It's not?
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
I think I lost. Three times.
Uh...Cookie?
Yeah, sure.
Okay, all right. Let's do it. And...Action!
Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn't really leave me much choice. Did you?
Janice.
Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack.
Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not!
Hey-hey, what's going on?
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
It could've been worse, he could've shot her.
That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth.
Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark.
Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
Everything?
Everything.
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
That counts!
Oh, good!
I Ross...
Take thee, Emily...
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
Oh, you didn't have to do this.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
We should?
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
So you still think you, um... might want that fifth date?
...Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Oh...see... but Joanne loved Chachi! That's the difference!
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
Oh, no-no, y'know I absolutely adore Rachel it's just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it's absolutely your decision. More tea?
I don't think I'd be comfortable with any of my old lovers there.
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn't invite her?
Yeah sure.
Earl Grey?
Actually, I'm dating at all anymore. See, I figured out that I was only dating guys that were like y'know bad for me, so until I work that out...
Well the divorces don't bother me, I'd date him. But, not while he's still married.
Okay, what about you? Wouldn't you want a date?
Whatever! What about you Meg?
Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
No, that was clenching.
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask...
God, I love these fingers...
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
Come on over the years none of you ever y'know, got drunk and stupid.
Well, that's really a different question.
Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
What?!!
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed.
What can we do for you?
All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
I know! I can't wait!
Were you're parents happy, or something?
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
So you know what I'm talking about, right?
I don't think you understand packing. Look, I just don't want to leave it to the last minute. Last time I left in such a rush, I left my knickers here.
I wish I could.
Oh no. Don't, don't, don't start packing. Come on!
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
You didn't!
Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!
Not your type?! She's gorgeous!
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Uhh, no-no thanks.
Okay, I've got some ugly friends, and they're all available too.
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Oh hey, Pheebs!
Hey!
Yeah, okay, my bad.
Hey!
Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
Uuh, before we get into any staying-over-stuff, there is something you should know.
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I'm secretly married to a goat?'
Ethan?
Yeah?
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Well...
Uh Mr. Zelner, I'm the one who filled in that evaluation.
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
What?
No, no, don't. Why don't we?
Why don't we what?
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
But that's what...
I should just be happy to be near you.
Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. Since when did you start smoking cigars?
Oh yeah, I always picture your Mom when I'm having sex.
Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Well, I just wanted to make sure you were okay.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
'Scuse me?
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
My God! You love me!
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
Are you close with them?
No-no, they're not very nice people.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
Danny! Hurry up! The bath is getting cold!
Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Yeah, I'm a big surprise.
So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
And he was my best student.
Yeah, she was my best teacher.
Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
I stepped in something icky.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
I'm really glad we came. You're so pretty. I love you.
Oh.
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
No, none at all.
None.
Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
What?! What would make you think that?
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
What?
That's why I said all those things about your flirting and your drinking...
No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
Yeesss.
Fine, go have sex.
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Honey.
Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
Zoo dollars?
Ooohhh.
I know.
Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
You really need the bassinet?
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Uh-huh.
Look I want you, now.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Normally, I would not do it.
Well, what made you make the exception for me?
Say you're sorry.
No.
Well, yes, it's kind've an unusual house. It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths. But y'know, the ocean is right there.
Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.
Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.
Knock, knock, knock.
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
You were gonna propose?
Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring?
Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
I know. I hate that!
Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.
Yeah, well.
Oh yeah, I'd love that.
Oh, great! Me too.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
I stepped in something icky.
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
I'm really glad we came. You're so pretty. I love you.
Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
How about a hammer, or a small blade?
Why- why- why would he need a blade?
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
What?
Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
What do you mean?
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
What do we got there?
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
You think I'm hot?
You own the room. We should probably get-get uh...
Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that 'cause she's so passionate?
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
Hello, is Ross there?
Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
Well, yeah, mostly nudes. It combines my two passions, pottery and erotica.
Ooh, erotiery!
Okay.
I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.
Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
Yuh.
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
Y'know what, forget it. It's ruined.
Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
Wait-wait, go back to that sibling thing.
That that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
Can we please turn this off?
Noo way, Kevin.
Are you intrigued?
You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
You're strict.
It's for their own good.
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
If it's not a right angle, it is a wrong angle.
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
Well, she has issues.
Does she.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Speaking of issues, isn't that your ex-wife?
Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!! Here! Hey man, you want the aisle?
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Uh, the usher told us to come...
No, I'm good.
There he is!
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
So, uh, does it do anything, you know, special?
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
You know, you are so amazing, is there anything you, you don't know?
Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.
Things change, roll with em.
But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
I'm sorry. See ya.
Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Julie.
Ohh. Hi!
And bus.
Oh my god.
Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Howard! Yay!!
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Phoebe!
Oh, hi Ross!
No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it's also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing!
You! Chuckles! What's your name?
Oh it's Bing, sir. I'm sorry , I was just ah...
That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations.
Yes!!
Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
There she is.
Mom!
Pretty much.
Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
Monica! Chandler! I'm really-really sorry about tonight. I don't know if Joey told you; I just couldn't get out of going to this play. I'm sorry. Have a great time.
Oh that's too bad.
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
'Kay!
Bye.
And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.
Well ah, I've been doing a lot of thinking, and I look at my life...
Yeah?
Wow.
There's one thing missing.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Well, not... worried, just... wondering.
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.
Oh.
I'm a waitress.
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman's day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000!
Well now it's an empty bar.
You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you?
I won! That was my guess!
What?! What?! What?!
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
I'm gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just...
Wow! There's a lot I didn't know about vomit. In a minute.
Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I'm home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there's a few things you don't get from book learnin'.
Well ah, what can you swing?
For I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars.
What?
That's Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
He's coming into the audience. He's coming into the audience.
Relax! You'll be fine. Oh much better. You're invisible now.
No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Good, otherwise my watch would fall off.
Alright, just one. Wow, you're good at that.
Oh my God! Someone, he's choking. Is anyone here a doctor?
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Oh, that's great. I'm stalking the wrong woman. I am such a dingus!
Oh, you're not a dingus.
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Y'know what? It doesn't matter! Because it is not true!
Okay.
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip. Yeah. And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn't wear a cup.
One swift kick and he'll back off.
All right, bad ankle, got it!
Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!
And uh, Liam, Liam's got bad knees. You hit him right and he'll go down like a lamp.
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
Oh! Wow! Hey!
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
That's all right, that's well, I figured....
Hey!
Hi Rachel. Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Kim, hi.
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Oh, really?
The three losers. Oh, poor Lily. Ohh, y'know I-I heard about what happened, that must have been just terrible for you, losing your mother that way.
Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.
Oh, what? What was it?
Yeah, no, it was great.
Hey, y'know what a really good rainy day game is?
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
I'm a waitress.
Yeah. Gotcha.
I'm gonna go check up on your friend.
Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge?
Wow umm, tell Sipowicz I'm real sorry for his loss.
I-I sure will, take care.
Oh.
Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
No, I, I only know Lipson.
Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
I'm 16.
See you in 2003.
I'm so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Yeah, thanks.
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
He's a he?
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Yeah, we got, um-hmm.
Umm, I think you're really, really great...
I-I-I-I-I don't know, I don't know what to say.
Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.
You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?
Oh! That's fine.
Great! Okay, good for you!
I told you, we're adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?
It's just hard when I know I have e-mail I can't get!
I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
I can't believe this.
Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
Thanks, Bernice. Let's go away this weekend.
Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
I had a bra.
Hey, Dr. Farber.
I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
Hey guys!
Hi Janine!
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Yeah, that's what I said.
Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
Me?!
Nice!
Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.
I, I know.
Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.
Ok will do. So glad you came.
I think I saw Rachel out in the hall.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Oh, yeah. I love Jennifer Van Murray's work. She's so brilliantly incisive when it comes to deconstructing the psyche of the American middle class.
Hi, nice to meet you. Kate Miller.
So the ah, play's pretty great, huh?
Oh, forget about it. She rocks!
Where do I know you from?
He lives at 74 Laurel Drive in Middletown. If you hit the Dairy Queen, you've gone too far. You can take my cab.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Whattaya mean?
Wow. Thank you.
Now, remember, nobody else drives that cab.
Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
My uncle Marcel.
Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!
Both of you?
Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.
Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
....Mindy. Mindy, of course Mindy, it was always Mindy.
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
How are you honey?
How do you think I am?! You've wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!
What's this?
It's the key to my Porsche. Well, the key to your Porsche.
Thank you soo much for coming on such a short notice. Ladies and gentlemen, I've-I've-I've been practicing medicine for twenty-three years, and I'm stumped.
Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.
Y'know I have dinner plans!!
Whoa.
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Umm, actually, I came down to ask you a big favour.
Oh, well, don't tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
Wh-what's up?
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Oh just say it Kyle!
We're gonna give it another try.
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Who's they?
No one.
Good, otherwise my watch would fall off.
No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
It's all right. Sweetheart.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.
Oh, gosh, I'm sorry.
Well, uh, I ate some.
Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
I didn't... I never said that.
Okay, I'm sorry.
God! If you're gonna cry about it!
Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
Right, and...
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
But you've only slept with two people.
Right.
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
What're you doing?
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
I don't think so. Let's take it back to Richard's last line. Action!
Honey, we gotta go!
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
My Father is Chuck Magioni?
Oh.
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.
Are you intrigued?
You're flingin'-flangin' right I am!
Wow, it is easy. Now, I can have milk everyday.
Well, it's official there are no good movies.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
This is impossible. Its just impossible.
What is, honey?
Carol, honey, shhh, shhh, everythings gonna be alright.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
No. A break from us.
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
Oh, hi Chloe.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
Hey!
Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
So how did everything go?
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Wow! What did he say?
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Rach?
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
Or?
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-
Hey!
Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
So. How'd you guys meet?
Yeah, and in the long version, I dump him for telling people the short version.
Joey, sweetheart, you were fabulous!
I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?
Of course I do.
Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Thanks.
You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so...
Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
You guys, can we please not watch this all right.
Shhhh!
Oh, you said it Mike. Aw! There's got to be a better way!
And there is Kevin.
Noo! No! It wasn't like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.
So I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
How close?
Well, the-the three of us we were, kind of umm, a couple.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
She is kidding, but don't ever disagree with her again. Okay, now I'm kidding!
Oh, what a fun office.
Rachel? Do you smoke?
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
How can I help you?
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
Hey.
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joe! I'm glad I found ya, I got an audition for ya!
Wow!
I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
Uh-oh!
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Yeah.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
Okay, so it's a date.
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Ohh, impressive.
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
Uh, hang out?! How long?
No!
Eh, worth a shot. Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay?
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
Ugh, tramp!
Does Joey have any idea?
Yeah, you mean like that you're kind of a loner.
Yeah! That would be great!
Okay. You've got a small, minor infection in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.
1...2! Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have glaucoma.
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye.
Okay then, I guess we'll see you back here in three months.
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
We don't have to.
Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
She said what?
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?
What's up?
But what about Phoebe?
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
No! That's bluffing. Lesson number one. Let me tell you something... everything you hear at a poker game is pure crap. : Nice earrings.
Oh my God!
Really?
Thank y...
Girls, sit down.
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
That's totally understandable.
Don't worry about it.
This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
If you didn't pour the coffee, no one would have anything to drink.
Believe me, sometimes that happens.
Really?
Yes.
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Well, at least that's a great suit.
Okay.
Rachel, you needed to speak to me?
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Bob here.
Oh, hi.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
What?!
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
What?!
What.
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
...Flame Boy.
Where exactly is your zoo?
Yes.
Does he, uh, fight with other animals?
No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
Really?!
Well, I, umm...
Kidding! God, I feel wild today!
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
...And what did you bring?
Janice?
Oh.... my.... God.
Oh, this is, this is unbelievable. I mean, first you sleep with my ex-girlfriend then you insult my inteligenct by lying about it and then you kill my fish, my Buddy?
My fish, Buddy.
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
That's it? That's the giant number you were afraid to tell me?
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
That's not true?
No.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
More turkey Mr. Chandler?
You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Well then you can't have any. Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! "Help! I'm drowning! Help!"
Alright, we'll share.
No, give me the...
That's it! Dinner is over!
What?
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
Oh, what do you know? No one's going up to you and saying, "Hi, is that your nostril? Mind if we push this pot roast through it?"
Carol, Carol, sweetie. Cleansing breath.
I mean, thats what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?
Im gonna be a father.
Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
Or instead, maybe you could just not marry my brother Frank.
Got it. Yeah all right. Yeah, okay.
You have a Miss Monica Geller here.
Oh...wait...you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing Careless Whisper or Lady In Red?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
It's actually going to be just family.
How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
What about Benitez?
All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don't know, we were, we were making out.
Ohh!!
So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?!
Tell it again. Seriously.
I mean is that woman capable of talking about anything else but sex?
Well yeah, I'm sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Oh God... Why don't they put chairs back here?!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
No! I mean he's nice.
Yeah.
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Oh no-no-no, he's just I don't know, he's just a little bookish.
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Oh, yeah?
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Ok, that's so nice.
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
But what about Phoebe?
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Uh--
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Well, yeah! I mean yeah, but only for three days.
Why?
Okay.
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.
Why not?
'Cause I don't want to encourage this kind of behaviour.
Hi. Wait, no! Just put the mail down. It's-it's me!
Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
If I have to I'll, I'll do all again , I'll do the 4 o'clock feeding thing, I'll go to the P.T.A. meetings, I'll coach the soccer team.
If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.
Oh my God!
Really?
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Yes it is.
How do you know?
Okay do you-Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!
Please reattach this, it's against the law to disconnect them.
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Oh sweet Moses.
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Nice.
Yeah. Well see ya upstairs. See ya pals.
Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
That guy Lipson?
Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Uhh, yeah.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Okay, great.
I'll catch you guys later.
Hey!
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
I really don't think it's a very good idea, Phoebe.
Why not?
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don't-don't hurt the puppy.
No-no-no, the-the puppy's yours.
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Yeah!
Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Yeah, it is.
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
Why not?
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Why?
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
What?!
What?!!!
Wait, you're giving me your Porsche, you're kidding me right?!
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?!
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
There's no way in hell, I'm paying for it.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Then why would he say it?
Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Bob here.
What've you been up to?
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her.
I know.
All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, We've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea you and me spending some quality time together.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
And you got a 'hate' from that?! Your taking a big leap there...
But what does that gonna do...
For Chandler!
Did you hear that?! I don't need you guys to care about me! Because the universe cares! The whole universe! I really wished they'd care just a little bit though.
Yeah-yeah.
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Y'know, I don't-I don't think it's you. This is a freaky place. Hey! Guys! Oh no, it's you.
Yeah.
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Umm, Alice ah, she ah, called it off.
Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. But, y'know what, maybe it's just all for the best?
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
Oh, I love you too. But...
No but, no but.
That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
All you need is a woman who likes men and you'll be set.
Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Forget it Joey. I'm with Bob now.
Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Yeah, well, sorry, Joe. You said let's just be friends, so guess what?
Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
I know I would.
Hey no problem.
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Chandler!
Mom. Thanks for wearing something.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller.
It's lovely to meet you.
Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.
Thank you. What a bitch.
I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
Ok, um, I'll go with you.
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
It'd be even more exciting if we were going.
Oh, you're not going? Oh, why?
Thank you, Max. Thank you.
So-so you're really not going?
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Kill me. Kill me now.
Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby!
Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died?
It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Thank you.
Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.
I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
Ross!
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
So, does that mean the audition is off?
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Here's my binoculars.
Oh, great. Great. You're doing great, you know real strong. Going strong. Keep going.
Oh, yeah. What's this?
Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?
I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
There are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
That is funny.
Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now?
Oh yeah. See you guys.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
Oh, no I don't.
I did, but...
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you're gonna get all sensitive about it! I don't want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I'll make you an assistant buyer in this department.
That you enjoyed the occasional drink...ing binge.
Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I'm leaving! You are just a horrible person!
Say more things like that.
You can have your own office, and a raise! Effective tomorrow.
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Like-like what?
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Oh, you forgot?
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Doug!!
Hmm.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea?
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
I would really like that.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Oh, I missed you kids. Well, should I put my coat in the bedroom?
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Could you speak up please?
Daryl Hannah.
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
All right. Well, y'know in my defense I was a lousy father.
That's a defense?
You make up songs?
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
We have heard you play.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Okay! All right!
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Chandler is fantastic!!
What?!
Oh, I....
Oh, and he's got such a good heart! Doesn't he have a good heart?
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
That's about 60 cents.
Every night!!
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
Hi Frank.
We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your 4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.
Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Aw, don't do that
Ok, thanks.
Oh, here comes your 3:00. I don't mean to sound unprofessional, but, yum
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Look, can, can you do something for me?
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
It's okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is 'how much it bothers you?' because I don't like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?
Your thinking about my leg aren't you?
No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again?
No. No. I don't think so.
Okay. It's just like anything else, you just have to get used to it.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you....
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
I mean really, think about it.
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Since then?!
...I d'know.
Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
It's about you.
Oh, okay then.
Good. So what were you thinking?
I was thinking what it would be like to kiss you.
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
So why did you plan a party at the same time?
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Monica said that did she?
Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
What is wrong now?!
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Okay. Sometimes I feel...
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Dad, we-we can't believe you're selling the house.
Let's grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.
I'm sorry we can't store your childhood things anymore.
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Okay, but.
Oh my God! The millionaire's here!
Oh my God!
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
C'mon now Phoe, don't still be mad at me. How's it going?
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Yeah!
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess!
Marry me.
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. Did you hear what I said Bing?
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Oh.
What?
The joke Bing. What's the matter with you?
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
Oh yeah, of course you don't!
No.
I didn't... I never said that.
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
Just those two!
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Here.
The receipt.
I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
Really? Me?
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Oy.
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had.
Hey.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
Feelings, such strong feelings.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
I just wanted to show Monica your book.
Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
Hey! Hey, Mr. Trib!
Hey, how long are you in the city?
Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Hi.
All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
What can we do for you?
Well, what about his family?
He didn't have any.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
This is so great.
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
What?!
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
YOU IDIOT!!!!!
Your name, please?
Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.
beside meeeee-eeee-ee. .
Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she's done.
Oh no, one of those 'look for the hidden meaning' songs.
Hey Phoebe.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Umm, I'm still here.
What?!
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Sorry, what?
It's the Gellers!
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
So what are you saying? It's now or never?
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
In a minute. You-you checked today's Post?
Umm, yeah! Today's.
Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias?
No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there.
...I'm telling you it's totally unconstituional.
Oh yeah, I totally agree.
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
I know this is crazy but am I too late?
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
What were you doing in Africa?
Working with blind kids.
Okay. All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that's your cue to cry. Got it? All right, let's do this.
Hey Joey, we're ready for ya! Joey, this is Alex he's going to be playing your son.
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
Scene 5, take 1.
And Action!
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
I-I-I...
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Hard quality.
Okay, we're gonna take a short break.
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
Ehh, pardon me?
But he has to know how I feel!
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
That was Phoebe Buffay, the porn star.
I don't think so.
Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Well, I wouldn't call her a star, but she's really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.
I know!! It's a museum! What, you're the only one around here who can make a joke! At least mine was funny. Ah, waiter, we will have two lobsters and a menu.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
It's not a library...
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat.
They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
...Like, ...all of them?
C'mon, we're great together, why not?
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
So... which one of the two guys will you listen to?
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
I wa-
Uuuh.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
What?
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Well, we were...
I'm not asking!
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
Long story, honey.
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Good luck!
Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
Wouldn't that be Frank the III?
Wow! That's so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
You think about it.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
There is no alley behind Macy's.
Our next cocktail party?
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up!
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
No way, forget it.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
No, no, no now in all seriousness, its not a lot of women would've had the guts to come back here tonight, and even fewer, who would do it with their asses hanging out!
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
What.
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
This bill for my half of the wedding. it's insane.
How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?
And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.
Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
I came to talk to you about Howard.
Howard?
Oh that's nice.
Yeah. So, do you want to give a check? Or...
Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Oh, good. Thisll be fun.
What? What? What?
I am supposed to be the mommy?
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?
Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we're gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.
You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city.
I know.
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know......never.
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
When I was six years old.
Hm-mmm.
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look!
Honey, you made the bed again. I told you, you don't have to do that. This isn't camp.
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
Baddest. Otherwise the song would be Fat Fat Leroy Brown.
Come on, you gotta admit that our relationship is ah, is hitting a new level now. 'Cause you used to be like the chef, and I was the customer, and now we're like this-this couple that fights.
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
What?!
Okay, umm, you're a loon.
Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
So how long have you known?
And um, and there's actually a, a woman?
Her name's Debra.
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Yeah.
Yeah. Hmmmm.
No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
Why?
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
I can't do Chris's makeup. She refuses to acknowledge that she has a moustasche.
Is it bad?
I'll talk to her.
I hate actors.
Ahh! Fair, schmair! Y'know? Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you. Really? No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch. Right here!
Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
Oh God. I'm sorry about this.
That's okay.
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Look, I don't feel like dancing, I feel like having a drink. Okay?
Oh, okay. Hey, two beers.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren't they?
Please, it's because otherwise I really don't know what I might do.
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
What are you talking about?
And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.
Joey, right?
Yeah.
Oh no-no-no, you don't understand...
Listen to me!
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
Yeah, why?
No reason.
Tribbiani.
Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
The Velveteen Rabbit. I kinda have the feeling you had something to do with it.
What do you mean?
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
You must really like... Joey... to go to all that trouble for him.
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
Well, then who's been dead for five years?
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert.
Thanks! Enjoy your funeral.
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.
Oh!
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Yeah, you're right.
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
Why, does she have a bad personality?
Oh no, Bonnie's the best!
What is with him?
With him? You're is favourite, you're his guy!
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a real space shuttle.
Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Nope. Schhorry.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Wow! If only more people knew.
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.
Say Rachel, I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me sometime. As my lover! Nnnsch, to out there. Maybe you'd just like to ah, get something to eat with me sometime? As my lover.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Hi!
Hi! All right, let's go shoppin'!!
Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.
I can't help it, I'm just, I'm just crazy about you.
Ohhh! That is soo sweet!
All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!
What is going on?
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Looks like that might come any minute.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
Happy to.
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Kinda.
Right. So I guess I shouldn't put good at noticing stuff on my resume.
Well, I knew you had the Rockys, and so I figured, you know, you can wear Bullwinkle and Bullwinkle, or you can wear Rocky and Rocky,or, you can mix and match, moose and squirrel. Whatever you want.
I got you...these.
Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
That's great.
Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
Hey.
She's not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
They do!
Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast!
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Any time.
Ross.
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
Would you look at them?
Oh, sure, yeah. This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.
Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?
Just, you know, to see... um.
OK, is this really my father?
Is it really your fa--I can't... well of course it is.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
Hold on, you-you knew?
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
...He's in.
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Yo- hooo!
Where the hell've you been?
Make sure you get this, they're gonna want it for the bloopers show. Alright cut! Listen up everyone, when we start again it's gonna be the countdown to new years, so I wanna see everybody's excitement.
Oh no! You get up there and do that again exactly like that!
Yes!
Hey, pal, you have about three seconds to get away from my partner.
What's going on over here?
Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
Hi. Hi.
What are you doing here?
...I'm, I'm okay.
Listen uh, maybe we could get together later?
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
My God! You love me!
What?
Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Aww, look who's being suddenly shy. You can't tell me you don't feel what I feel. Nobody can kiss that good and not mean it.
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Um, y'know, before we go ah, there's something I need to say.
Oh, okay.
Wow! Umm....
I dropped a cup.
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Good bye Ross.
Uh, oh-ho bye.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
Right.
No, back to happy. Back to happy!
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
No, Frank.
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right?
Hey, Mom? Having fun?
There's more alcohol, right?
How you doin'?
Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know. I see Spindler a lot. Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time. Steve Brown, Zuchoff, McGwire, J.T., Breadsly.
So you still in touch with anyone from high school?
Umm. Well, there's Rachel, and umm, I think that's it. How bout you?
Is that all?
Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Nooo.
Hi, Kate!
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
God Ross, what is that?
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
I love you, Pete!!!
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
It's the basketball playoffs.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Alright that's great, then just go. Go Knicks.
Uh, it's the college playoffs.
No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.
Uh-huh. G-good deal.
I'm sorry.
Oh my God, I didn't...
I'm sorry, I can't talk. I'm gonna go write in my journal.
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Yeah, any messages for room 226?
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Hhhhiiiii.
Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.
So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
What? My hands are totally clean, I just gave the duck a bath.
Yes, but there's two in martini, soo everybody back to my office.
You! Chuckles! What's your name?
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
I'm sorry, I never had 'em.
Ohh, ohh.
Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now.
Can I please see your face?
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
No, I'm not gonna pick them up.
No, Rachel doesn't want me to....
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Your grandmother would have hated this.
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
That sounds like Nana.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
I did, but...
Call me!
It's not true. I never called your mother a wolverine.
Chandler! You've been Ross's best friend all these years, stuck by him during the drug problems. And now you've taken on Monica as well. Well, I don't know what to say. You're a wonderful human being.
What happened son?
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things!
Thank you!
No! Thank you! Monica, and Ross! I don't know what I'm gonna do about the two of you!
Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?!
Ice coffee? Tell me it's ice coffee!
It's-it's hot...
What's your favourite thing about summertime?
Umm, going to the beach. When it stays light real late.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
No you robot!!
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Of course, what happened?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
I came to give you this and this.
Oww! Big ring!
Hold on, you-you knew?
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Yuh.
Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Sure.
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I'll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
You're next!!
Okay. I didn't know he was here.
Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
No, let me explain! Fired!!
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
Daryl Hannah.
Hard quality.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...
You sure?
Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.
Hey, can I ask you something?
Sure.
Look Joey, there's nothing I can do. Besides, you're probably gonna be out by four anyway. We've just got one short scene. It's just you and Richard, and God knows he's a pro. You'll be fine. Morning Richard.
But you're not bald.
It's not on my head.
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
I'm wearing two belts.
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Thank you, it's my mom's. So this is the kitchen.
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
It's so secluded up here.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
No.
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Really Mr. Geller, you don't have to do this.
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
It's not random, it's Bob.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
You asked him too?!
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Oh yeah. Definitely.
I, Emily...
Take thee Ross...
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
You want some help.
No help required Chico.
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
I'm in love with you.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Okay! Umm, I uh, I'm your teacher. I'm sorry, you're-you're a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
Cat hair.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
Sergei, would like to apologise for my behaviour tonight.
Well, tell him, apology accepted.
Excuse me, but umm, isn't he paying for your dinner?
Hey, the man's dog just died.
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Oh my God!! Great!
Wow, kids. Frank, are you sure you're ready for that?
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
Okay, bye.
No.
Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I'm family, I'm it. Now, now I'm done.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Oooh, I gotta tell you... you are nothing like I thought you would be.
How do you mean?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
Don't spoil it.
Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
The Waltham Residence.
Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
What are you saying?!
Now, let us try that again, shall we?
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
Yeah, OK.
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
So, what are you saying now?
I guess I'm saying, I'll try and quit. I kinda like that you worry about me.
...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Before we go on with the show, I just want to say to the bride and groom how lucky they are to have found each other. In every life, a little rain must fall. Fortunately, in my life... It's raining men!
You okay?
Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Hallelujah!
It's raining men!
Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.
I'm going to look into your eyes now.
Really.
Good, they feel good, in my head.
So, it's great to see ya.
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
Oh good! Okay. 'Cause you were acting like you didn't.
Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
How are you?
What are you doing here?
What happened?
Ah, oh, the ah, vandalism.
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
How was that possible?
Okay.
Okay.
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Yep! Yeah, see this says D-13, and uh...
Oh, well I thought that ah...
Uh, the usher told us to come...
Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!! Here! Hey man, you want the aisle?
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
Y'know who I ran into from school? Howie.
My friend's name is Joey.
Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!
Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
I just had the hardest day. Those bags are so heavy.
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Oh, Mr. Scientist has to get all technical!
I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London-well Shropshire really but y'know-well she's about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you'd like to keep her company this evening?
Rachel! Could I have a moment?
Yes.
Sure. You got it. Great!
Oh, good.
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
Ya know, she's having another baby.
I thought she just had one.
Oh, you're a grandpa.
Yeah. Are we nuts here?
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
Hmm.
Why did you hire me?
Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
Okay, I didn't hear that.
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Hi Frank.
Hi, Mrs. Knight.
Yeah, but not just that.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
All right, on the table.
Hey, umm, so listen umm, my friends were telling me a little about this ah, ultimate fighting thing and it, well it sounds really dangerous. I-I don't want you to get hurt, 'cause I kinda like you.
Promise me you'll be careful.
I promise.
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Shut up!
I'm sorry!
Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna...
What the hell was that?!
Kidney stones! Now, ordinarily Mr. Tribbiani, we try to break up the stones up with shock waves, but they're to close to the bladder now. Which means we can either wait for you to pass them or else go up the urethra...
Me too.
Hey! I just heard. What's up?
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
So did you ask him?
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
You are insane! You-you gotta give this up!
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?
Yeah, Sarah, anything.
Yesss?
Hi, I'm selling Brown Bird cookies.
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Oh?
Oh, that's great! I mean I'm-I'm sorry, but I'm so happy for you. And now I can work for you!
I guess you can.
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
I have actually not heard of that.
Why don't you tell me something I don't know!
Oh please, somebody tell me I don't have to go to work today!
I understand completely, there's nothing more horrifying than embarrassing yourself in front of your in-laws. As a matter of fact, when I started dating Judy I was unemployed, and her father asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a lawyer.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why you're burning in hell!!
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
What did you do when they found out?
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.
Yeah?
I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.
Mmm-mmm.
But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
I mean, I knew they were having trouble with this whole thing, but they're my parents. They're supposed to give me away and everything.
It's ok. I'm sorry.
I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
You do?
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
Oh and your agent said you were okay with the nudity.
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
So...What?
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Wait! Wait! I wanna see this. After I divorce him, half of that kingdom is gonna be mine.
What a wank!
Oh, I cannot believe he's using our divorce to sell mattresses.
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
Oowww!!
Sorry. Lucky this dress is red!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
I suppose it wouldn't be the end of the world... Oh, thank you!
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Okay.
So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
You're lookin' at it upside down-y'know what? It doesn't matter.
Whoa! I can't believe you did that. That was really sweet.
No, don't worry about it.
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Nothing I do means anything, really.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'.
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
Phoebe...
Yeah?
That's so sweet.
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
What?
What?
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
Yes?
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
Hello? Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? Hi, this is Monica Geller. Yeah I'm just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren't delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! T-Tell me about it! Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! What are they Irish?!
Oh. Oh, that's great!
Hmm Phoebe, were you ever in a sorority?
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Wait!
Hi, it's me. Listen, Bob. I'm probably way out of line here. I mean, It has been 3 years, and you're probably seeing someone else now, but if we could just have one night together, just for old time's sake, one hot, steamy, wild night...
Let me get that. You got five bucks?
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
Let me hold him for a sec. There. Huh? There we are.
Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.
Her name's Debra.
Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with?
Sure.
But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
Oh my God!
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
Ohh.
What?!
Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
See the thing is umm, we're not able to y'know, uh, conceive.
And we've tried everything, we've seen a bunch of doctors.
That's a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat.
Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! Guess which job I got.
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
What?!
It's ah, step-ity, step and jazz hands.
Have fun.
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
I am Guru Saj.
Listen, I got to tell you I've-I've never been to a guru before, so...
What's a koondis?
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?
Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
That's a good one!
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
You probably want us to move in together?
It doesn't scare me!
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
Honey, this will help.
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
So you're the gynaecologist?
Hey, I'm trying to have a private conversation! Is that okay?!
Thomas, come back here!
So Monica, what were you gonna tell us?
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Shhh! Man, you made me lose it!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, honey, okay?
Well, up yours too!
Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie.
Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Hello.
Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
That's what it sounded like.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
Alright, that is not your father, that's just a picture of a guy in a frame.
Oh God.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Umm, look I-I-I got a confession to make...
Uh-huh.
Well, of course I would want to see you. I...I think about you all the time.
Really? Because I think about you all the time.
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
What?!
But you-you-you came to see Lilly?
Yeah, yeah. Why?
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing?
When?
He's not a hero. ...You know who our hero is.
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Woah, woah, woah, what're, what're you talkin' about man.
Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
I didn't realize that.
Yeah.
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
See if he has ice.
Okay.
Oh. Oh!
So where are we going next?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Well so?
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
I stepped in something icky.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
Yes!!! Ha-ha-ha!
Anyone mind if I save this?
Hey!
I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'
Hey, it's the dinosaur guy. Hi, Ross.
Oh, hi Chloe.
And that's the only colour that comes in.
Yo, Chloe, do you have a quarter for the condom machine?
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Sure.
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Rrrreally.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
Oh.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! I'm sorry!
Phoebe...
...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Wow! Umm....
I dropped a cup.
Oh, this is so great.
Yeah, it was.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Oh well, no I...
I-I-I think you look great.
Good night, it was very nice to meet you all.
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
What uh-What did you-What?!
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Well yeah, I'm sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.
Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
What?
I got a little drunk...and naked.
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
I'm sorry.
Oh, that's too bad.
I'll survive.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
Hi.
Ross, I love you!
Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to...
Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh?
We're on in 3, 2,
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Except stilts.
Stilts?
Wow.
Yeah.
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
I'm...happy...for you?
Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Oh, isn't Lori a doll?
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
What's the matter?
It's Fun Bobby.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Yeah, take your time.
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Not all bad.
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
I-I'm sorry?
No look, I-I'm sure that people know you exist!
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita!
You will like it!
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Um.. we should really be sitting for this.
Sure we should... So.
Okay.
Will you be my maid of honour?
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Sure, what? Ok, ok. Music?
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Hi, thanks for coming in again.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash.
Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Wow!
Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do.
Then don't leave me!
What?
That's alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren't supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I'm sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.
I wasn't supposed to put beef in the trifle!
I wanna gooooooo!
And we kinda figured about the porch swing.
Ross, drugs? Divorced? Again?
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Saw a girl with that vest.
Thanks.
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Hi!
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
What woman?!
Chelsea.
Can I be that guy?
Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
Maybe.
I think so.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's
All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
True story.
They're here already?
It was.
Then, what's the problem?
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
No, he already knows that he owns everything in the room! He's not finding it out for the first time! So, try it again.
Okay. Okay.
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
Well, I'm not I'm not at all surprised they feel that way.
You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
So you talked to your dad, huh.
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
On TV?! Yeah!
'Kay!
What the?!
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
You do Pheebs?
Yeah. But I also believed her when she said I was next.
Step away from the duck.
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Well I'm not gonna stop until I'm the Ultimate Fighting Champion.
That guy stood on your neck until you passed out!
You didn't know that already?
Look, I'm gonna get better. Okay? I promise you.
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Listen to me!
Oh yeah, yeah.
Yes sir! Yes sir, I'm-I'm-
Wait a minute! Take your pants.
Just relax. Just relax Paul, you're doing great. She likes you. She... Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y'know why? Because you're a neat guy. You are the man. You are the man! I still got it. Nice and sexy. You're just a love machine. I'm just a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! Showtime. I'm just a love machine, yeah ba-by!
Okay.
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
Phoebe!
Yeah?
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Yeah, if the best is like unbelievable pain!
Oh, sweetie, oh.
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
What?
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Uh-huh.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire.
Oh God. We didn't get into Scranton. That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
That's just the way it is.
That's crazy.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
That's okay, I'm cool over here. I'll catch up with you later, Joey.
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Okay.
All right, I'm sorry.
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
Joey, had reasons.
They were threefold.
Open the box!!
What?!
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn't hear about Joanna...
I sure did!
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
Hey!
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh...
Well it's not Sean Penn.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Phoebe's got another job, right?
