I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
Wow! I'm so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Well, it does.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
They're brother and sister!!!
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
What?!
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.
What?
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Because you're marrying him!
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
Yeah! Right!
Oh sorry, boyfriend!
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! Could you just give me the number for where they are?
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
Hangs up.
Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Yeah!
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
No-no-no! It's mine! It's-it's mine.
Dude, you soooo need this car.
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! It's for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Right, why do you keep saying that?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Rachel, come here. Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
Hey!
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised...
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
I am not!
Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!
No Phoebe I am mad!
Well, deep-deep-deep down!
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Oh my god!!
Hey!
Hey!
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time?
That'll teach you to lick my muffin.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Oh my God, you've got a crush on your sister's stalker.
No, I'm just gonna help him, you know, get 'de-Ursula-ized', like you know, like I did for Joey after he went out with her.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story.
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
What?! Why?
Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
There's a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! There's a reset button! My God! Why didn't I see that! Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? Oh here it is! Oh! Ohh, God!
Fine! But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off!
There's a reset button under the plastic cover.
Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
Yeah!
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Yeah, I did. I think it sounds y'know big sistery, y'know, 'Frank's always late.'
Well relax, he'll be here.
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute?
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Oh, yeah, that's the word I use when I can't remember the real thing.
Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
Ye-e-es!!
Hey.
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Hey.
Hey.
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Y'know, you're friend's getting married, it's gotta change things.
You really think it would be that different?
Well, things change.
I don't want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Because she's your lobster.
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Hey, you feelin' better?
Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
No, look.
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Oh, we just...
Surprise!
Did you see Betty?
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!
What, what, what?!
You really think that is what he meant?
Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.
They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry...
Ok.

Thanks, Ross.
Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I got no sleep last night!
Why?
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Thanks.
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
All right. I gotta go. I have break up with Vince.
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
Good luck!
OH MY GOD!!! Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.
I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
I was thinkin' about it.
OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
What's going on?
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Well, so why not go knock?
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Umm, slight change of plans. We've shut down.
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
It's so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Sweety...
Hey Duck, is Chick here?
Yeah... Bunny-rabbit.
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do."
I do! I do! I do! I do! Ugh, like I can really chase you. I'm carrying a litter.
I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
Really?!
Uh, no!!
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
So umm, where are the other guys?
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Hey, you guys!
Hey!
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.
So, I hear, you hate me!
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
Y'know, I never saw that.
Ooh, it was only okay.
Hi!
Hi!
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
And you don't a little good about donating the money?
No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
She wants to meet you in person.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Okay, I'll do it!
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Uh-huh.
Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
Oh!
That is so cool.
Yeah! Yeah, we can!
Shoot! I can't go, I have to work!
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Well, you could wait 'til I go to the dentist, maybe I'll kill him.
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
What did they do?
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
We're with you. We got it.
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...
Thanks!
Uh-huh.
Phoebe?
What?! Monica, I'm scared!!
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Yes. Not out loud.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
Rach?
I'll be out in a second.
Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
There you go!
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Come on, let's have some fun. Huh? What do you want to do today?
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Well, so, are-are you sure that there are three?!
Definitely.
Actually, giving birth to three babies isn't that different from giving birth to one.
What do you know?!
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
NO! No, I'll take that for ya.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
You shouldn't.
Who gets whom. I don't know why I do that.
Well, I'm gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
I thought it was toner.
Really?!
Yes.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Hi!
So you like the short hair better.
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
You're actually going through with this?
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Really?!
Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Do you?
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
That's what I said.
Well so?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
I stepped in something icky.
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh! Okay, it was me!
How is it you?
Yep, that's my audition.
See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
What?!
What?!
Phoebe, Phoebe relax, it's okay. I mean we never said this was exclusive.
Yeah, and neither did we. Give yourself a break.
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
No.
Oh... Oh, Pheebs.
I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but...
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Oh I just miss him so much!
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
I know it is the best.
So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.
Whoa! Big octopus.
Hey, what kind of work do you do?
Oh! I'm a masseuse. I give people massages and stuff.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Ugh, what's right with them?
Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
I'm telling it! I'm telling it!
Okay.
A place where no one will ever get out alive?
No! Think about it, it's a taxi that people take when they need to relax, it's...
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that!
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Why can't you use the phone in here?
Well, I'm returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word.
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
Ah, the other Jack.
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Okay, ah, see ya Pheebs.
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
Yeah, sure.
Someone in there?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
Okay, don't give me a reason to get mad, okay
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Hey everyone!
Oh hi!
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
Oh, thanks.
What are you doing?
Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don't know what this means to us! Oh!
Oh my God, I think I'm gonna cry!
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
Alrighty. From the top.
Honey, uh we, we can talk about this. It's just that it's costing about a hundred dollars a minute to be in here.
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Hey, don't mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Wow.
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Um-hum.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
No.
So uh, how you doin'?
Hey there you are!
Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Oh! Ok, um, ok, um,
Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Well, so why not go knock?
Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.
Yeah?
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
So, um, have you told your parents?
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
I love you Phoebe.
So your brother's straigh huh? Seriously.
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
What?
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Hey Mon!
Hey!
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Say what?
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Why?
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Yeah, I've been around.
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Great! Problem solved!
But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
What?!
All right. All right.
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
No, it's been three nights in a row.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Morning.
Morning, hey, you made pancakes?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
And a glass of tepid water.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
OK, hi again.
Hi Phoebe.
You're the only one who can save her Drake.
Damnit, I'm a doctor, I'm not God.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Hey, oh, you know that guy who's been following me? I talked to him today.
You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Really?!
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
Y'know dad, Chandler is one of Ross's very best friends!
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Hang up, hang up.
Is anybody else scared?
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Yes.
Yeah, Susan.
Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Uh-huh.
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
Be cool! Okay lady, your lurking days are over!
What?!
Also Monday.
What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Okay, I'll do it!
Okay, one more, please. Come on, I'm gonna get it in this time, I will.
Okay, last chance. Again, I'm sorry.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Hey!
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
I never had a bike of my own.
What?!
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
Ohh.
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.
Well, here's your phone doctor.
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
It is so good to see you!
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
It's up to you.
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
Hi, I'm Karen.
I wanna quit the bank!
Chandler's knees. Chandler's... ankles. Chandler's ankle hair. Oh no. Okay, you're all set.
Oh wow! That was amazing, was that really just an hour?!
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
My parents will be so happy.
Hey. I was...
Hey!
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has!
Oh please! You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Hi.
Hi.
It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see.../One of them won't do it, but the second one will set you free.../Tell all your hate and anger, it's time to say good-bye.../And that is just what I will do, soon as those bastards I work for die!/La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la......
Including me?
Oh yeah.
Hey, remember when I had a monkey?
Yeah.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Look both, Joey and Monica feel the same way that I do. No-no-no-no.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Hard to tell, I was naked.
Yeah? That's so nice!
I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
where were you standing?
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, Ive got to go. Ive got Lamaze class.
Oh, and Ive got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Phoebe! You can't do th...
You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
So, did you pick one yet?
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
Y'know, you're right. Thank you.
Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Very nice touch.
Unbelievable.
Thank you so much.
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
I can't believe you caved.
What?
I am. Let me just get my coat.
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Hey, Pheebs.
What bank is this?
Hey. It's him. Who is it?
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Well thanks.
Not really.
Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid.
Well, but Pheebs.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
What?
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
That's like the tenth time I've peed since I've been here!
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
Thank you so much.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Dude, Phoebe's mom has got a huge peni...
Let it go!!
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Okay. Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, then you learn here.
Umm, okay.
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
What?
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
Hey!
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.
What?!
All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.
My Father is Chuck Magioni?
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
Uh-huh, I don't know.
Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
So! He'll understand!
God, you are so strong.
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at 9:00!
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Hi!
Hi.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
And what did he say?
Wow.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Uh, ow.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
Okay, Widow!
...the lullabye of...
All right. I'll get my bag.
Good.
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Bye.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
Who cares? I repel women.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
No.
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Thank you.
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
All right, you ready?
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Oh, honey.
What do you mean?
I think it went into me.
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
Enough!
Lean-lean-lean!
Oh my God! I can't believe my little brother is married!
Oh I know!!
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Nono, she's gone.
We checked. A lot.
Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this?
Thanks!
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
Yeah, I don't know.
What's the matter?
Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand.
Yeah, whatever you need. Hey, you wanna go home?
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
Hi Phoebe.
Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing?
Yeah it is. . . what?
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Ssshh.
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
This is a nice resume. Nice, nice, nice. Muy impressivo.
So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
This is so great.
You wanna explain that?
Where are they?
I'm sure they'll be here soon.
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
I can't believe you caved.
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
No thanks man, I'm not uh, I'm not really into sports.
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
I knew that! Rachel! Use you're head!
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Ready?
Uh-huh. Good luck.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
I know.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Can't wait.
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Rach!
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Hey! It's Porsche!!
Hey!
How do you feel?
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Yeah, get out! Now!
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
