Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Uh, I am, uh, being naked?
I can't follow Ross! It'd be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Why not?
All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Yeah!!! Kill 'um!!!
I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
You don't believe in evolution?
Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.
So I was wondering....
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish?
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my God, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
All right. Ok, but, but! You have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
Oh, yeah, sure. I just hope you, hope you don't accidentally suck it up through your nose and choke on it.
Oh. Can I have a tissue?
Okay, don't sweat it. Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy's cute.
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. Pretty, huh?
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay?
Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
What do you see?
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Yeah, look I was with my friend downstairs and we hear everything up here that you do, and I am sick and tired... .
Oh, I got it.
No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
We're with you. We got it.
Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Wh-what do you mean?
Because I'm normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Thank you, buddy.
Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
You guys, I am not that bad!
Well, and you know, it really is a testament to how he was raised. Especially to you. Because he's very respectful of women.
Thank you, I think so too.
What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? and you're Bob Saget.
Hi!
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Oh my God, he's not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time!
Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
Fine all right, but I'd bet you'd be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
I don't think so.
"Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I'll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk." You just wrote this!
I, umm, shut up!
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
Yeah, so did I.
Please, right now, no, every time I see him it's like 'Is it on the lose?' 'Is it watching me?'
Oh.
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
Why is this car in my bedroom?
Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out. They're coming this way. Run!
Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.
Oh my god, Frank, are you thinking of leaving? Because I didn't have those triplets so you could just run out on them!
No, I can't.
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica.
Hello, Waltham Interiors.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
It was just a kiss.
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Why?!
Uh, well I can tell you why. It's, it's because of me. But, y'know what, I only did it because I love you. Okay?
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Sure.
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
All right. All right.
I don't know. I don't know. I can't lie to him again. Oh no I-no! I'm just gonna press my breasts up against him.
What are you gonna do Pheebs?
That's right! Oh, yeah... Well, I've totally forgotten about im! AH! That's-That's... a blast from the past!
Mike is your ex... uh... boyfriend!
What? What are you just gonna walk up to her at the gate? Have you never chased anyone through the airport before?
To talk to Rachel, isn't that why we took a ride in the death-cab?
Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
And his puppet too.
As a matter of fact she said that's how I am going to die. So, excuse me for being a little skittish.
Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon...
"Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking!
It was a "Wendy's!! "
And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary.
Your face could be covered with lochs, I wouldn't care.
Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross!
Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
No-no-no-no-no.
Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off.
It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
I love you too.
Oui, bien sur je parle Francais! Qu'est-ce que tu penses alors?
I did not know you spoke French.
'Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!
Then why you work here?
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Pheebs! Sorry!
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y'know you can die. And, you would die!
Yeah baby!
Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.
Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder.
What's with him?
Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! Come on. Crazy. Oh my God.
Something to do with numbers?
Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat.
Yeah?
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
...I feel a little sneezy And now I-
My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
Oh, jeez.
Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?
Ahhhhh!
Or... maybe she has trouble loosening your knots because you're such a high maintenance tight ass!
I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy fingers from playing crummy guitar...
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Not personal, really, well they said that they never met an Italian actor with a worse Italian accent.
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
He got it a flea market!
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
I'm really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two actually had hooked up.
Yeah baby!
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Great!
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Okay, well y'know what, don't worry you guys, 'cause I'm-I'm gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Sweety, now, she's a woman, not a gumball machine.
It's a trip for two! Excuse me. Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table?
Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?
It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!
Yeah!
I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm hiding from the law. You're fun.
How can I help you?
Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.
Is he the one with the beautiful wife?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! So, explain something to me though, if, if nobody tagged Rachel, then isn't the play still going.
Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win!
That's okay. All right, I'm gonna play song that's really, really sad. It's called Magician Box Mix Up.
Aw, you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. I am so sorry.
I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong?
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok. Hmmmm... raunchy!
Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any flying about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.
Ooh, what happened? Joey all nervous and looking down and fiddling with his ear: Oh.. My sister's raccoon.
Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because I had a family emergency.
Oh! What's the matter? Are you scared? You're afraid I'm a better singer? You're afraid I'm gonna beat you at singing?
It's just, I'm not good at singing.
Don't you see? Everyone's looking at me! The plan's working! I didn't even have to take off my top yet!
Pheebs!!
And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time.
Alright, fine. We'll give the money back.
Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries...
what?
Yeah, did she sound happy about it? 'Cause my friend Ethel's baby was born with a teeny, tiny beard.
Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently, there's some big surprise.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.
Huh. That's nice.
You got it! Ok. But not on the wine that you made, ok, because I just don't want to go back to the Emergency Room.
Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
I promise.
Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers.
That's great. What kind of music do you play?
Okay. Good-bye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall?
Are you serious?
Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and dodge her 'till she gets the point!
What?
Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium in the Devonian era was top notch!
Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her.
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
David who?
Well, yeah. Y'know, we were best friends, ever since we were little, our Moms worked on the barge together.
Wow, she must have hurt you pretty bad, huh?
Oh no, no, no. I learned never to borrow money from friends. No, that's why Richard Dreyfuss and I don't speak anymore.
If you want I could loan you some money?
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Wow!
Oh! David, get one for us too! Oh, oh, and see if they have a heart-shaped one! And with mirrors on the ceiling!
Oh, honey, can you make sure we get a King size bed!
Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me.
All right! Who is he?
Ok, ok, you start preparing the formula and I start changing the box and then we gotta put them straight to bed.
It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Oh, yeah?
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it's positive. Monica's pregnant. So I guess she won't be totally alone.
What?
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on.
No.
Are you kidding? I'm like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
Well...did you know he was gonna ask me?
Umm, the street. Come on, let's go to the street. Ooh, listen, don't go onto the balcony until after I get back.
What?!
Ross, Rachel doesn't know that you wanna get back together. If she did, she might feel differently. She might not even go.
Dude, I'm just trying to speak your language.
'Hi, I have Phoebe Buffay returning a page. Okay, well, um, she's in her car I'll have to patch you through.'
Come on baby, come on!
No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
Sure, now I'm scared.
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's . Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK.

That's so funny to think if you'd just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back.
What?
Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute!
A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
Goody, what is it!
Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
So... who's your friend?
Ooh! That's Good! Wow! But Now If You Were Pregnant, What Would You Name It? Hint Phoebe.
No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Found the vest! I mean we're gonna have to keep an eye on it, y'know make sure we don't lose it again...
How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Well, Vince is great, y'know `cause, he's like a guy, guy. Y'know? He's so burly, he's sooo very burly.
Yeah. Which one do you like more?
Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
Oh, how bad is it?
Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven't been able to say two words to each other.
Well, I was having a conversation.
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying- Oh no.
Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse!
Yeah, just, okay, look I'm going. Um, come on. Op, op, behind the pillar, which way am I gonna go?
Uh-huh, I don't know.
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool.
Nothing at all?
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Bye. Wow. So, that's great. You, Bill, Ross, and Emma are going to be so happy together. What were you thinking?
Bye.
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian.
Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?
No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . "Sex and the single mother. Finding your G-spot.
Is that it?
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I...I haven't done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
That's not gonna happen. No. Because we have a new deal!
I can't believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is this crumb. I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Women are mean!!!
Just pretend they're not even here! It's OK Monica, when that spotlight hits you it so bright you won't see anyoneanyway.
Wait wait! I can't sing in front of all these people.
But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
Okay, now I've really have to go!
Five minutes ago, a line like that would've floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman.
Boy, I'm glad I wore the big belt today.
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Pheebs, what are you doing?
No! We're gonna do it my way. Because your way is stupid! Alright I gotta go, I have another call, Reverend. Hello?
Oh my...
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
No. Well, yeah, maybe.
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute.
Yeah, yes it is, I was just moistening the tip.
I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
Oh okay. Umm, all right. Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Why don't we do a trial run.
Oh hey you guys, I couldn't get a reservation for the night of my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
your right! I love my life! I actually did sleep with her.
No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy.
Well, you're just going to say no again but...gay porn.
No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this.
But Phoebe...
Earl, you're not hearing me! All I'm saying is that you're not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with!
My chair heels itself.
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can.
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
"Whenever I get married, guess who won't get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!"
Oh!!
"Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" Is that too spooky?
Oh my, would you look at that!
Well okay, it's already February and I've only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
What's wrong with this year?
Well, that's not good. But you know, I can move some stuff around, and I'll be there. You and Alice just take the whole day together.
How about tomorrow?
Monica, I really appreciate you checking in on me, but I'm actually feeling a lot better. Yeah, I just kinda want to be alone right now.
Oh, when you get over this breakup we need to go shopping.
Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend.
You see this, this is a friend.
No, you can't go there! You know how I feel about these "big massage places"! They're putting people like me out of business!
Oh!
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this.
Because if you're not moving forward, y'know you're just moving backwards.
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Hey!
Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
I'm not talking to her!
Ok. Do we have to talk like that then they're not around? Oh, no, no! Listen, is there someone who can fill in for me?
Phoebe, your next client's in the waiting room.
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
I hate my regular clothes now! Y'know? I look down and-and I know that this isn't gonna be the most special day of my life.
Yay!
But if-no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Yeah-yeah.
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Check it out! Cup hat! Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup!
Oh man!
You're the cook! With out you it's just me driving up to people's houses with empty trays and asking for money!
It's okay, 'cause y'know what? You don't really need me for the business.
Oh, okay... good. You do that. And then when you get home, maybe there'll be a special delivery package waiting for you.
I'll tell her that it's over tonight at dinner. I promise.
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Hi! Oh, Alice, hi! Thanks. I'm so glad you could come, 'cause I've got a real umm, Home Ec emergency.
I'm the ring bearer.
Um, well, get over it. So, I mean you, you just seem to be a really nice guy, you know. Don't be so hard on yourself okay.
Not really.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
But I love swing music!
Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here.
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister...
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make.... hands... meet....
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Another good point.
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they've made so many changes I can't even feel my grandmother's presence anymore-Ooh! New sconces!
Oh wow! Look at this place!
Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
Really?! Well, when?
Wait a minute. Dr. Drake Ramoray and I work at the same hospital. Wouldn't I come over to say hi to him?
Nice.
.and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. so were good. I'll let myself out.
Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I'm gonna eat like, y'know millions of cows.
Feel better now?
Oh my God! I killed him! I killed another one! And this curse is getting stronger too, to bring down something that big.
Ugly Naked Guy looks awfully still.
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
Okay, whatever. Y'know what? I don't have time have time to convince you because he's only here for four hours, and I'm gonna go see him!
Well, she graduated from high school!
It's a little coincidental, but believable. . Listen, I'm sure you're wondering why I didn't get you an audition for that TV movie.
I was just gonna call you! That's weird.
Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body's always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet?
Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh?
Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now.
Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
You?
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
Wait, I-I just said "leave."
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon.
But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
Ok. Oh good, I'm dating a Russian cab driver. . Seriously does anyone buy this? I smell like beets!
No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. Yeah.
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Well, back to square one.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Now... "Who will perform the ceremony! Who will perform the cer--Oh-oh! All right, I'll pound on him in the morning.
Okay.
Hey you guys! Ok, you're not going to believe this! I just saw my psychic and she said I was definitely gonna win the lottery tonight!
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
I understand. Yeah. Ok so then ok, so we're both living in New York, not seeing anyone. That's so not like us!
Yeah, I don't know why, I'm sorry, I guess I just didn't want to lose face.
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no!
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Bye, Pheebs.
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my 9:00 with Mr. Rehack, 'cause it's like 9:15 now, and I'm not there.
Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever.
Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
If you want.
It's for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting.
We're seriously asking for our money back?
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
No-no, oh, I'm fine with the age thing y'know, until it starts sticking it's tongue down my little brother's throat!
Pheebs, what, is it the age thing?
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? He's a fan. Bye!
Wow! Wow, thanks a lot! I just wanna say, I think you're really talented.
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Hey!
Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any QUESTIONS!!!
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are.
Yeah.
Yes. Yes. Yes. I can't believe it! The baby wants bologna! Maybe he wants me to eat meat? I can't eat meat!
Oh! Wait-wait! Is it my bologna sandwich?
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....
Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?
Hi! I-i-is this a bad time?
Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Great! Thanks.
No, I know, this way when I go to the party later Mike will know I am over him cause I'm gonna smell like another guy. Yeah.
Pheebs, that's for men!
Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool!
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Oh, hey guys!
You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
Joey, listen. I can't do this, it doesn't make any sense. Yesterday I was a nurse, and today I'm a waitress at a cafe?
You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual.
Rachel, it's okay. You don't have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
No!!
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Three months? Okay... This is probably none of my business, but uhm, how long do you think you're gonna keep seeing her?
Three months.
Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? Can you be civil?
Yeah, and not put us in the middle.
Please, don't play the music. Just uh one more. LIVE FROM NEW YORK! IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT!!
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
No! No! It's-it's uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Phoebe, we're getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! Hey, widow?
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
Yeah, that was Leslie calling again to see if we can get back together. That's the twentieth time today! And good luck Leslie!
Y'know those are a delicacy in India.
But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
Oh. They don't.
You remember her from my birthday party two years ago. She's yeah, like, average height, medium build, bald...
Oh-oh-oh, which one is Bonnie again?
Oh, I should go, too. Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.
Alright, I'm gonna go pick up a few things for the trip.
Well, our plan is working. Rachel is having a miserable time, and Ross is just stood up somewhere at a restaurant all alone.
My dear, sweet Rach.
Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog!
Oh my God! That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard!
Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
No, women are welcome to play.
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Y'know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
It was right after we were living together and you were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and shrill.
I can't believe you tried to cut me out. Why Phoebe, why?
Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
No. No, that's- that's okay.
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Really?
Okay, I can't believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.
Yeah.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
YOU'RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY!
I FEEL THE SAME WAY!
Well-But-Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y'know before he does, then he can come back.
Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face.
She's still with you?
Rachel, didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, 'All right, fine I'll be political.'
Oh, aaaah!
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Hi Phoebe.
Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
What?
I love you. But I never needed a proposal from you. I just needed to know that we were headed somewhere, you know, that we had a future.
Uhm... Ha ha!
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
How's the hair?
Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, oh, but oh...
Hey. What, what are you doing here?
Ok, good! You guys were so scared! There was no way I was gonna dump this... Oh God, no! I think I broke your bowl.
Monica!
Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I cant, I cant watch.
Okay, I think I get how to do this.
Well, you kind of just did. That guy is going to call you tonight. Ross is going to pick up the phone and that's a pretty clear message.
I don't know. Do I have to decide right now?
Oh, well, it doesn't have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn't have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
What's the game?! What's the game?!
Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know... sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I.
Seriously?
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies.
Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off!
So I guess you'd like to know how it all happened.
Thankfully you don't need me at all so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let's give it six to eight months .
Oh no no no no!
Oh...Who was so stupid and stubborn that she lashed out against her friend's cooking which she actually thinks is pretty great!
Excuse us! Alright here's a question: Who was so worried about her restaurant being fancy that she made a big deal about her friend playing her music and feels really bad about it now?
Well, so, umm, anyway umm, I've been, I've been looking for my Father, and umm, have you heard from him, or seen him?
Oh.
Well, maybe she didn't hear! Ok I'm gonna go into that dressing room, you stay in here and I'll talk and see if you can hear me.
Oh, God, do you think she heard? It would be so bad if she heard!
Rachel is one of my closest friends. Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Um, um. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment, when-when, you know she stopped being a princess, and became, like, a woman, you know.
Really!
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Well, nobody wants a ghost. But you've got one, because the house is sitting on an ancient Indian burial ground.
I don't want a ghost.
Yeah. Except for, y'know when you're on a date and you're getting along really great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way.
So you had fun, huh?
Oh, ok. Fine, I'll just, I'll take the hat back . Rachel: Hey, so you guys, the funniest thing happened, at work...
Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie...
Well no, when I get to the point where... you know... I'm ready to hear cruel mocking jokes about Mike... I'm gonna come to you.
You're not gonna need my help?
That's okay. If - if we hit anything, the engine will explode, so you know, it's better if you're thrown from the car.
There's no seatbelt!
Yeah, you've... you know, sort of been like a dad to me. I mean, you've always, you know, looked out for me and shared your wisdom...
Seriously?
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
What are you reading?
I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god what's wrong with me.
I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
No, I know, I know, that this is Frank's life, y'know. Y'know, I don't want to be all judgmental, y'know, but this is sick, it's sick and wrong!
Ho-ho, I will.
Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won't be needing a veil, I actually won't be wearing a dress at all!
We're waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I'm glad you're here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don't know if you wanna use it, but...
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
"We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That's right, I'm here all night, and Chandler will never get l..."
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Where did you get that?
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
All right, fine, fine, but if you're my next victim, don't come back as a poltergeist and like suck me into the TV set.
Phoebe, your in pain, would you just go to the dentist, just go.
All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
What are you doing here?
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
I'm actually the office manager.
...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy...

Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- Hey, that's not for you, bitch!
Oh, no...
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Why?! Why not?!
All right. I'm gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I'm ready to have Frank and Alice's embryo transferred into my uterus.
Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around...
Yeah, but, ah, ah, nothing has to happen. We're just having fun. You know, not everything had to go as far as "eye-contact."
Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Toootal chick-flick.
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
No, I know! I-I'm sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
And that's not against your oath?!
...and I-I can't take it! Y'know? I'm just, always afraid one of them is gonna catch me with the other one. It's making me crazy.
Or ha-ha, we could go over there and pee on them.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
What? Ow!
No, no, because, you know, he's been in Minsk for 8 years and if he gets too much direct sunlight, he'll die.
Oh, right, because he's a scientist!
Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I'd be a millionaire by now, y'know. You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.
What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.
Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go.
Oh, thank God.
Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I'm just gonna go. No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right!
About a week and a half.
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it's like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let's trade!
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves!
Okay! Oh my God, thank you!!
Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
Yeah. I'm Stephanie.
Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go!
Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now!
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Yeah.
Okay. We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay. There is no Route 27. Okay, either 93 or 76?
Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.
Oh okay. How about the whole "man walking on the moon" thing. You know? You. you could. You could see the strings people!
I.. I.. I need a good lie.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a confession to make... uhm, okay, you know, that girl that mugged you when you were a kid.
Oh... Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene.
Oh, you're a paleonthologist, too! Oh, ok, now, what do you think of Ranion's new theory of species' variegation in segmented arthopods?
Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department.
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
And did you notice the ice? Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! Ahhh! Mystical!
Why don't you just go out with her!
Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you will wait a minute before you call her.
Well I'm wanna hear it, because she keeps doing this.
Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross gets stood up, and then they'll realise how good they have it together.
Ooh...I hear that's bad.
Listen, I feel really badly about yesterday and I thought about it a lot and, and I know, I was too impatient. SO lets try it again.
Hey!
Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go!
Oh no, I'm fully qualified to...
Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
that is so wrong and on top of that his a glue sniffer.
Let's go! Come on! Move it! Come on! Shoes! Briefcase! Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.
No. I've learned my lesson.
Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops.
Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
PBS telethon.
Wow! Five-month maternity leave, you're back for four days, kiss a co-worker, call in sick, they are lucky to have you!!
Or...I could call in sick and not deal with it at all...
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
Are you kidding. He is so considerate of my feelings and... you know I think... you'd also like to know that he is a very gentle lover.
Is he really?
Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Maybe she never got your message.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
OK Phoebe, you ready to try one?
Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Your pants!
Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y'know, I probably wouldn't have to say spank as much.
Oh that's a great idea. You're really good on the phone.
: Yeah, um... You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
But that woman can't know I work here. She's a friend of mine and I made this big stink about how awful this massage chains are.
Sorry, everyone is booked!
Well, on the bright side, now you won't have to see all these paleontologists with their shirts off. Not you guys. You got it going on!
I can't believe it's raining again! Oh, it's so unfair!!!
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That's not how your dad used to do it."
See he's nice. Right?
Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out.
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Well, we don't n-n-n-n-need a fireman, we'd, we'd like a good mechanic. Oh my God, here they come! Well, we gotta get out of here!
No, no?
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Uh, it was very nice meeting you.
Oh no, no, no, no... That's okay, that's okay... I mean, I'm... I am a vegetarian... except for veal... Yeah no, veal I love...
Oh!
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney.
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Yeah. Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
I know; that just pushes them further and further apart.
Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body.
We can't scratch. You know we can't, we'll scar.
Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey, you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman!
Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
Help! Help!
My mom's gonna be here any minute. I can't do this, I can't give him up. Yes-no, I can. I don't want to. But I can. No.
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
Yes!
That is correct! Yes, you're supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
What? I didn't say anything.
I have a date with this diplomat I met while I was giving free massages outside the UN and, I don't know where his country is.
Why? Do you have a report due?
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
What one?
Yeah, umm that's Whitney , Kyle's ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y'know divert her so that we can slip out?
Yeah?
Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go.
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Hi! Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Um... hi there.
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
No-no-no, do you uh light candles? Burn incense?
No I'm not okay. The only guy I've ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never...I may never see him again.
No! No! No Pheebs, I'm not gonna yell at you. I just y'know, started thinking about you and David and I...remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just... Oh Pheebs, come here. Are you okay?
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you're a client, I can't ask you out, even though you give me y'know, the feeling.
What?
Well, y'know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother's? Wouldn't they have the recipe?
Y'know it doesn't matter how much I'm craving it. Y'know why I'm never gonna eat meat? Because it's murder, cold blooded murder.
Just a bug.
Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of of, OK, smells.
Yeah, OK.
Fine! I'll do it without you! I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! You'll see!! You'll all see!!
Y'know what? I think that's enough for now. Yeah. I don't want to be over rehearsed.
You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose.
I'm sorry too. And just to be clear, I didn't hit his mother with a car.
Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card.
This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
I'm just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women's underwear! I don't think you could ever do that.
Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Uhm... You know, once we're in the air and the captain turns off the seatbelt sign... you feel free to roam about my cabin...
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
What do you think Pheebs?
Sure! Look, ok, bottom line: I love Mike... David! David. I love David. Don't look at me that way, Roseanne Rosannadanna!
Do you really think marrying someone else is the right answer?
That-It's not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he's very special to me.
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
Why aren't you at home in bed?
Dead. Oh, it's OK, no, he was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave at Omaha Beach.
What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean?
Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you know what? We all haven't been together the six of us in such a long time.
Thanks, I put a lot of extra thoughts on your gift.
By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny Mexico. Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.
Oh, great, pretty soon they'll be back together.
Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
So you watched the movies huh?
Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
And ice!
Oh no! Wait! Wait! Okay, y'know what, you were right, you were right. We really weren't great at being guys, but you know why? Because we're girls.
All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on.
Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
Damn it! I-I'm sorry. I-I don't mean that. I-I want you to be happy... But only with me. No, uhm... that's not fair. Uh, who cares, leave him!. Oh, I don't mean that. Yes I do... I'm sorry Uhm, I... I think I should probably uhm... go...
Yeah. That's what you really want. Yeah, I don't want to be the reason you're unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don't want to be the reason I'm unhappy.
Really?!
Well, if you're having a hard time, you should talk to my friends, Bill and Colleen. They adopted a kid. I'm sure they'd help you.
I don't know!
Don't take that tone with me. Who you think you are? Alan Lemond, the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic?
That's it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
The Licorice Room, you can eat all the furniture. And, when guests come over, they can stay on the tootsie roll-away bed.
What's this?
Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Page 42, page 42, page 42.
Well, it's not okay, because I gave a very memorable performance as the nurse. And now suddenly I'm the waitress? That's gonna confuse my fans.
Oh, sometimes we use the same extras for different parts. It's okay.
Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go.
Phoebe.
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Phoebe!
Ooh! I know what you could make! I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I'm gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
What did you tell them?
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Anybody want a croan.
Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow.
Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog?
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
No, our guy is just a floating head.
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
But I don't think I can! it was ok to move in when I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I can't move in knowing that nothing is ever gonna happen.
I want to live with you too! Let's do that!
No, no, no, we're not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!
But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
I know!
Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. All right, so I don't know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Excuse me?
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Excuse me ladies. I'm sorry?
Like okay I-I-I, I haven't met any Portuguese people! I, I haven't had the perfect kiss! And I haven't been to sniper's school!
Like what?
Oh well, okay, hey, y'know how when you're umm, you're walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that's nice?"
Hi! So, how did it go at the doctors?
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it's against my oath as a masseuse.
So do them for free.
Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! Whew! This is getting ridiculous uh!
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
Oh, hi Chandler. It's Phoebe. Uhm... I know that Monica is working today so... ...I was wondering if you want to come to the movies with me and Rachel.
Hello.
Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
Then, problem solved. Chandler will be running our office in Tulsa. You're gonna love Oklahoma.
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!
What happened?
Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic. Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
That's terrible!
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh!
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends.
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Oh, I can't believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
What?! Excuse me!
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
What is it doing here?
Noooo! Ok, maybe if we just break it down. Ok, let's try at one syllable at a time. Ok? So repeat after me. "je".
Je do call blue!
Okay. Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93? Okay! Yeah, no they don't do that.
I don't know, I'm sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you with that!
Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.
Ohh! All right! All right. Here's what we'll do, I'll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one's will even notice her.
Go change! She doesn't want her parents to know she's drunk.
They give you away! There's just-there's just too much wisdom in there. Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
What?! What's wrong with my eyes.
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Like she's really mean, and she's over critical, and-and-No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Like what?
Really?! Oh that's so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I'll have to pound on you for a little bit.
No, Phoebe, I'll tell you what, if you get ready now I'll let you play it at the wedding.
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I'm not allowed to charge for.
What's the matter?
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
Hey you guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know...
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! Joey, you can't say anything!
Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around?
You're saying, my wife is in you?
Oh Joey, we've heard the specials three times! Okay? There's prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.
Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I'm still holding this.
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the way there's no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you want...
What's up?
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Hey!! The charity's on fire! Help! Oh good! Thank you, I need that. Whoa! What is that?! It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash!
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Sorry Phoebs.
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Did that!
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend 'Albino Bob'.
Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Shut up, I'm happy.
And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken.
Ahh.
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then '94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Well, at least you scared someone.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying goodbye to the hotel. I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort and Spa...
Hey, what are you guys doing?
Ohh, I'm getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y'know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table.
Okay.
Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
No. well look can I think your weird and also cool for telling me the truth and also wanna kiss you.
I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
But now I know I don't have a choice about this, I was born this way.
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
You al-you already had it?
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Yeah, I-I can't-I mean y'know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just-I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I...
Pheebs...
Okay, dime! You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! Oh my God, this is a police badge!
A couple of bucks.
Ok, well, alright, who thinks the food is fine, the music was fine, but your evening was ruined by this incessant poll taking? .
Ok who thinks the food is delicious and a little pretention never hurt anyone?
But they shouldn't happen, you know what, you're, you're in a terrible, terrible business. Oh God, I don't wanna be the person who makes your face look like that.
It's okay, these things happen.
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Me?!
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
What are you doing?
Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
It's-it's-it's almost dead!
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Alright. Phoebe?
So far, it kinda blows. I don't know, I just thought y'know that he'd feel more like a brother y'know, like you and Ross, just like close and connected and....
So how's it going with you guys?
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
I stepped in something icky.
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Coo, again. Don't blame the pretty lady. It was not her fault. It was me, the pigeon, coo! Seriously, stop staring at her.
Maybe nobody won the jackpot, but there was this guy in here earlier, and he found the ticket on the street, right outside, and won $10,000 .
Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
This will just be my batch.
No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying goodbye to an old friend.
So... how many guys have your key?
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh.
Well I. . .
Well, I'm ready to get the hell out of here! Oh. Are you? Are you?!! Ohh! That's so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. But for you, yay! Ohh.
If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
Yeah, I know, I.
All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Give me that!
Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
Ughh!
Ok, this is not about the MONEY, ok? It's about... it's about corporate greed destroying our hearts and leaving us... the hollow shells.
Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!
All right, it seems pretty simple. Your first line is "My name is Claude", so, just repeat after me. "Je m'appelle Claude".
Ohh...
Aw, honey it's not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don't see that happening.
You can spill. In the sink.
Hey, Frank. Look, okay, I know that you think I did like this totally evil thing, but I so didn't. There's someone here who can explain this better than I can.
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. Okay, let's go!
I wonder how long that milk has been setting out.
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
I haven't exactly had a normal life and I never really felt I was missing out on anything but it just feels that now it's my turn some of the regular stuff.
Aaaaand....... hernia.
If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a raber dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in a serious relationship.
Oh well, as long as it is under control, you know, you can't do anything about it, he's already dating her, and she is a nice person, that wouldn't be right.
Oh, I get it!
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! It never happened.
Okay, I think I got it.
All right, I'm gonna close my eyes and point to someone, and you, whoever I point has to come up with something fun for us to do, and we have to do it.
Yes!
Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...
You're a strange kind of grown-up.
Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Hey.
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later.
What did you say to him?
You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
Oh no, now it's not gonna make any sense!
All right y'know what, nevermind! Everyone wants to have a green one! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to get so emotional, I guess it's just the holidays, it's hard.
Is this the one that I threw out last year?
And! Y'know what Jake says? That women's underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Yeah, I wouldn't know about that.
Nuh-uh! They're maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. See, these names are good, and these names are bad. Ohh.
Santa pants. Santa Claus's pants.
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry.
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
I just wish there was something we could do. Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya!
Yeah, all right.
No, no, it's not that. Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well, uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.
Yeah, I-I don't, I can't get away with stuff like that. I-I-It sounded sexy in my head, so I...
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Yes. But all the other ones.
How can you compare yourself to Gunther? I mean, sure, he's sexy in a more obvious way. You have a relationship with her, you slept together last night.
Because she's just going to shoot me down. You guys saw what happened with Gunther. That did not look like fun.
Oh really. Okay. let me ask you something. Yesterday at the coffee house, I went to the bathroom and when I came back, my muffin was gone-who took it?
I do not.
Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep.
I had to bring them! We killed their mother, they're our responsibility now. You know, they require constant care. You should know that, Rachel, you're a mother.
So this is what a stroke feels like.
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean." Or, y'know, "Hey, Joey, you're gay."
Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
What time?
What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets stood up!
Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled, and find him somebody else.
I-I can't find anything that I want to eat! Everything I eat makes me nauseous! I'm telling you, being pregnant is no piece of cake-ooh! Cake! No.
What is it hon?
Oh my God! You're right! Go! Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it's too late! Wait no! Does this also mean putting out doesn't get you love?
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat-or a beanbag chair!
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...'
...What shoe?
Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place. Okay, tell me your happy place.
I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.
Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
There's more beer, right?
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world.
Hit me!
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes the hand just slips! Chandler: Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!
Phoebe, what happened?
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
It was your mother's idea. Ya know, she didn't want you to know your real father because it hurt her so much when he left, and, I didn't want to go along with it, but, well then she died and, and it was harder to argue with her. Not impossible, but harder.
No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
So, so, is Mike coming to dinner?
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads, she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. . Tails! Monica, she's yours!
But I insist harder!
Hello. This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
The Waltham Residence.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Seriously that's a lot of cups.
No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Umm, well he's very dashing, y'know, and umm, very, very sophisticated, and he doesn't speak any English, but according to his translator, he totally gets me.
So Pheebs what's this guy like?
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
Yes, but still. They're people...with eyes.
Well maybe you don't talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y'know all the things that he's taught you. Like... Or all the things you taught him.
Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better.
Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well.
Yeah! Ooh, we could teach them to sing, and we can be like the Von Trapp family! Only without the Nazis. Although that sounds kinda dull.
Really?
Oh, I Got Tired Of Naming States. So I Decided To List The Types Of Celery, And I Have One regular celery.
Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?
Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change.
You went out with a guy in the Navy?
Monica, if you get five cool points, you get to make somebody take off one item of clothing. It hasn't happened yet, but we're all very excited.
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Mike knows I'm coming, and if I don't show up he'll think it's because of him! And I don't want to lose face! That's a very serious thing in my culture.
Then don't go!
So you don't know that's Barney's the store! That can be y'know his friend's house, or a bar. Who has Barney's the store on their speed dial?
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel's dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There's none left for anybody else!
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
And all these people actually died?
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy.
I'll never forget you.
I want to, but I just want you to tell me that marriage isn't really that big a deal. You know that I won't, I won't be missing out on anything. That marriage stinks!
wow, are you still going to move in with him?
For 99 cents, I'd eat you. Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! Oh! Look! Hi!
Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud.
Charlotte who?
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Oh, thank God.
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Yeah, but I kinda don't have a choice, it's my job. I mean, you understand right?
Ecoutez, je vais vous dire la verite. C'est mon petit frere. Il est un peu retarde.
Sa-sa-saw!
Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only assume is a child halloween costume!
Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
I know.
Gosh, what's the pay like? Oh, come on people... come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! Hey Joey!
Oh, honey, that's incredible!
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
Yeah, but if I do tell him, then he's gonna hate myself. I mean look at him and his Mom, I can't. But, you guys can, please you gotta talk him out of it.
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
Yes.
I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, complicated moral situation, no right, no wrong...
What are you gonna do?
Y'know what, I can stay, I'm gonna stay. 'Cause the last time I went skiing I was to afraid to jump off the chair lift, I just went around and around.
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.
Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same shade.
No-no, that's not, that's not me Phoebe, that's her pal Phoebe. According to her high school yearbook, they were like B.F.F. Best Friends Forever.
That you're actually 50?
It's ok. I thought of the perfect lie for you. It's easy to remember and doesn't invite a lot of questions. You weren't at the parade because you had a family emergency.
How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture. Back to Monica and Chandler's apartment. Amy is sitting on a chair by the bay window looking mad. Joey groans and gets off the phone: The producer from Days left a message on my machine asking why I wasn't at the parade. They said everybody's pissed off at me.. And they all got to meet Santa!
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Thank you. Okay, go! Go! Go! Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. OK, thank you very much.
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Ok, well that's bad. But don't you think it might be different with someone else? Perhaps a blonde who always uses a toilet. Except for once in the ocean.
At one point near the end she deliberately defecated.....
"Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease..." Darn it! Now, I don't know who to get to the next verse.
Who's Elaine?
I'll find Bob, I'll get him. Bob? Bob! Robert! Oh wait, I think I hear him. Oh - Oh my god! Bob had babies! Bob's a mom!
Ok, ok, I'll throw away the traps.
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. But, all right, I don't-maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
What do ya say? What do ya say?
Or we could just follow your clever jokes &#150; any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Hey.
And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
Honey, I'm sorry.
Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Oh!!
Okay. 'Jingle bitch screwed me over! Go to hell jingle whore! Go to hell Go to hell. Go to hell-hell-hell.' That's all I have so far.
We'd love too.
Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony... I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug dealer.
Phoebe, that is awful!
Well, I still think that it's a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD!
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la...
She's here.
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green.
After what I did? Can you blame her?
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright.
What about your massage client?
Ohh, no. Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4.
So am I!
Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's name is Hannigan, so is it supposed to be Buffay-Hannigan or Hannigan-Buffay?
You need to fill out this form.
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
I'm gonna miss you so much.
Unless... Maybe it's too crazy about this... Alright so... you know, there is no future... but that doesn't mean we still can't have fun. You know what? Forget what I said.
Ok, you got it!
well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. Does it even work without my sexy voice?
Y'know...
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Well, I don't think this, y'know.
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book and found nothing! I want a name that's really like, y'know strong and confident, y'know? Like-like Exxon.
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
No, you don't! She's going to Paris! She is going to meet somebody. Do you know how many hot guys there are in Paris? It's... It's a city of Gunthers!
Look, even if I were gonna tell her, I don't have to do it now. Okay? I'll be seeing her again. We've got time.
Yeah, I'm so good in this scene that I'm stealing focus from you. Well, rise to the challenge Tribianni 'cause I just raised the bar. Come join me up here!
What?
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
How are you?
Come, sit. Sit. Sit! Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay.
Thank you. All right.
I'm sorry, Frank. I didn't realise things were so bad. You know, I'll help out more. I can - I can babysit any time you want. You name the day, and I'll be there.
Oh, I think you're right. Oh, wow. Phoebe, I don't think I can give one of them up. I mean, you know, they drive me crazy, but they're my babies.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
It's only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Okay, well umm, I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
Hey!
I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that.
Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
I've always wanted to live with a guy. "Pick up your socks!" "Put down the toilet seat!" "No! We're not having sex anymore!" It's gonna be fun!
Yeah!
Are you kidding? That's what sisters are for. Frank Jr. : Look at them! Aw. I love you so much. Oh crap, don't wake up, don't wake up!
You'd do that for us?
I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.'
This is huge, you can buy me beer.
'kay, see you there. Happy humping! Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed.
You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out.
A tad.
Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Well, do you wanna marry him?
Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
What have I not told you?
Oh can I? Vegetarians never get to do the wishbone. It's really not fair either! You know, just because we don't eat the meat doesn't mean we don't like to play with the carcasses!
Alright, who wants to do it?
No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news is, Gladys is yours!
Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you keep the painting?
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Well, how did you find out?
Here, Monica, look what I got to wear when I play at the restaurant uh, huh wait! Right? I mean, this might even class up the ballad of the uncircumcised man.
Hi.
Okay, well they are a huge responsibility, especially at this age. They require constant care. They-they need just the right food, and lot's and lot's of love.
Fowl? No. Women? Nooo.
Y'know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we're trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she's l-l-lookin' up at us and smiling right now.
Damnit!
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Ok, Phoebe.
Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
What?
Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thinking: Oh my God! It's David. David's here. He's just, he's so irresistible.
Oh, well... That had been your window.
Okay, don't panic. I'm gonna go to the store, I'm gonna get you another set of nails, no one's gonna know, and you're gonna look great. Oh! Oh, it's 'cause they're gonna eat-that's the problem.
Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put... Oh my God! It's in the quiche! Oh My God!
Ewww! And "Oh no!" It's-they just want me to be the surrogate. It's her-it's her egg and her sperm, and I'm-I'm just the oven, it's totally their bun.
You're really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Uh, ow.
Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly. She's avoiding me, she doesn't want to tell me where my Father is. She knows, and she won't tell me.
What?!
Oh this, well I'm glad you asked. Now, don't you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? Ahh! Now, I know what you're thinking...
Well, what-what 'cha got there?
I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this.
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
No, no, no, oh no-no-no, it's has to be 800. 'Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah.
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children?
Yes, yes I was.
Yeah. I actually am, yeah. Y'know life-life's gonna had you all kinds of stuff, y'know you learn your little lessons and hopefully you grow. Wanna hear a new song?
Yeah. You okay?
Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48....
No, you've got to whip it.
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
Phoebe, listen...
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
You wouldn't! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I've never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you've done it at least twice!
What-what if I marry Ross-Or Joey?
No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too!
Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an opportunity to be creative. So meet Princess Consuela Banana Hammock.
Oh, I'm sorry, mrs Hannigan.
Well you all know that I'm a pacifist so I'm not interested in war in any way. But y'know what? When the revolution comes, I will have to destroy you all. Not you Joey.
Yeah, hero sandwiches.
Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. Here we go, double sixes, here we go... Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice...
Fine.
Well, I'm sorry but it's hard to believe that anyone would tell a story that dull just to tell it! See, there's something going on with them. Look, he's getting into the car with her!
No, you're not! Last week you thought Ross was trying to kill you!
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on.
U-N-I-sexy?
Mon... Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
I told you I should not wear this color.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
Great!
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y'know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Ha!
Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. Yeah I know; we'd be great together!
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Yeah. Let's see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand.
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Please don't be a space ship. Please don't be a space ship. Oh thank God! How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can...
What?! Ow!
Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food!
You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all.
'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' I need a pen.
Is anybody else scared?
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that's not happening 'til October 15th, 2032.
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn't there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast.
What are these, stitches?
Oh no, I don't believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks.
It's Hexadrin.
Oh, I am having the best karma this week. First, I find this woman who knew my parents, and then my client with the fuzzy back gives me his beach house.
Woo-hoo! All right! Yeah!
I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget.
Ok.
Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal.
What?
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
What's the matter?
And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ole!
What musician?
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Hey Ross! So listen, about you and the dinosaur girl, are you really just gonna let a couple of Nobel prizes scare you off? What is that, come on, a piece of paper?
So I got it when I was 13...
Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Hi, Pheebs.
: It wasn't just that she was fat, the woman smelled like garbage! Everyone! It wasn't just that she was fat the woman smelled like garbaaaaaage! Classy, uh?
Ok, say no more.
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
OK.
Whoa!! That-okay, that's a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. So, well okay, so is there-is maybe is there something that I can do y'know just to like help make sure I get pregnant?
Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this. So, umm, we're kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.
Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi. Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.
Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.
Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma!
Phoebe, you have to calm down.
Umm, my friend, Bonnie. She just always thought Ross was really cute, and now that you two aren't together, she asked if I could set it up, but if you're not cool with it...
Oh, ah with who?
Uh, excuse me. Uh, I am Regine Philange. I was passing by when I heard this man speaking the regional dialect of my French town of Estee Lauder.
You know what. I think this audition is over.
Oh! I'm sorry Rachel, I don't have time for your childish games, ok? I still have to go find something incredible to wear so I can beat Mike at "who's more over who"!
Ok. Wha...? where? Where are you going?
Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe.
Sorry, we're on a major flan high.
Hi! Yeah, I'm calling on behalf of Monica Geller's eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. He's out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Like I remember his office number! Speed dial 7.
Look, Ross, in this box are all the things I got from mugging that I thought were too special to sell... or smoke. Anyway, I was looking through it and I found "Science Boy"
Oh my god, crap from the street?
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Me too. Although this city is my home, so. So that's dumb what I said, don't tell him I said that. Umm, you make something up. Nice, thank you. This is me. Here.
He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
What?
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Get in here!!!
Oh, well, it's a shame that you-that you miss the movie 'cause we were gonna see, you know, either "Liar, Liar" or "Betrayal", or... "An Affair To Remember".
Oh, uhm... I have to work too. Yeah, I'm stuck at the office all day.
I know, I know! I'm like playing the field. Y'know? Like, juggling two guys, I'm sowing my wild oats. Y'know? Y'know, this kind've like y'know oat-sowin', field-playin' juggler.
What-Pheebs?! Two dates in one day? That's so unlike you.
Yeah! As long as it's free! Food here is ridiculously over-p... Phoebe: Who's hoping the hand raising thing is still cute enough that you won't hate me?
ooohh... hey! Wanna stick around and I'll whip you up some dinner?
Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Yeah, ok. I guess you're right. Allright, so we should just give them away. But to nice families, with children, and reduced fat wheat thins. They're Bob's favorites.
Well, I know this is gonna sound crazy, but, we could not let the box of rats ruin our lives.
You know, now you're more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss," "Mr.", you know, "I'm one of you, Boss," "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing!"
What?
Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah, we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with Mike and I really care about him...
But... ergo...
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Argh-argh!! Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Wow, Joey and a professor! Can you imagine if they had kids and if the kids got her intelligence and Joey's raw sexual magnetism... Oh, those nerds will get laaaaaid!
Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Yeah, all of us! All day!
Ha-ha. No, it's just I'm so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn't fit anymore. So I thought 'til I'm not, I'm just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Oh, Jack Bing. I love that. Ooh, it sounds like a '40s newspaper guy, you know? "Jack Bing, Morning Gazette. I'm gonna blow this story wide open!"
Aw, he's gonna be so happy.
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
She was acting, she was pretending like she hasn't heard from him on years, but I found this picture on her fridge, and look ! Isn't this what he would look like now?
Oh well, where is he?!
You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
I'm afraid I might just be.
I had a great time. It was really top drawer. And Here's Something Rich thirteen bathrooms in this place... I threw up in the coat closet... Ta taaa...
Mom, dad, thanks for dinner.
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Ohh.
I'm sooo sorry!! I just... I keep thinking about Mike! I'm crazy about David, and we're having so much fun together. Why-Why do I miss Mike? That's-that's gonna go away, right?
At least you took me down with you!
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one's actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
They make you take an oath?
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Well, I'm gonna go get ready, for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct?
Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only one who ever clawed her way back in.
I am scrappy.
Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...something and noodles with string. These are a few...
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
You don't have to be awake to be my man, As long as you have brainwaves I'll be there to hold your hand. Though we just met the other day, There's something I have got to say...
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. 'Kay.
You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on the phone? "Oh, so sorry to catch you on your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call me on my mo-Bile!"
Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect?
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
I think these are yours.
Oh wait, one sec. One sec. Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, which was never!
Oh that's great!
Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and... Okay so Jason is sensitive, but now so's Vince Plus, Vince has the body y'know? So... It's really just about the math.
So then, are you going to dump Jason?
Yeah. You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! See?
You do?
Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Oh, great! We couldn't keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y'know, he'd kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.
Hey! How'd your date go with Jake?
"...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm." Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. Except for you. You go away.
That's 'cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Oh, she's gonna love that!
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let's plan the wedding reception. Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. Y'know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y'know what, it'd be, it'd be fun.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
So you spied on me. I can't believe you don't trust me.
No, that was my way of telling you. Well, it turns out he's incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints. He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.
You didn't break up with that fireman?
Okay, then you don't know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I'm wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
None.
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Then, I don't get it.
Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. I'm so drunk.
No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
All right, y'know forget hypnosis. The way to quit smoking is you have to dance naked in a field of heather, and then bath in the sweat of six healthy young men.
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
What?
Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Yeah, 'cause life's just that kind.
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Go Charlie! But my point is, ok so she dated them but she also broke up with them. Maybe she's looking to, you know, slum it with some average Joe Phd.
It's actually a 1,000,000$ prize.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Phoebs, play with meeee.
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
I don't know, but we're having dinner tomorrow night, so I figured, she's gonna tell me then. Y'know maybe she just wanted to give him time to, buy me presents, I don't know! So, you're all bored?
Well, why would she lie to you?
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.
Thanks.
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do... Well done, Pheebs. What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Well all right so, it looks like we're even!
OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband.
I can't believe you're dressing up for him. I mean, you're just, you're setting yourself up all over again.
It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!
Oh, oh. . What is this?
Well not so much a pet as, you know, an occasional visitor who I put food out for, you know. Kinda like Santa. Except Santa doesn't poop on the plate of cookies.
What, is he your pet rat?
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't get me wrong. No, he's not in like a sissy way. No, no, no... when he gets going, he can rattle a headboard like a sailor on leave...
E-e-excuse me?
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn't even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. Okay. Okay. Stop it, don't. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
No, no, no, I actually it's any baby animals: kittens, fish babies... You know... especially veal... and this, this nice vein of fat running through it... Hmmm... yummy Hmmm...
Phoebe you don't have to eat...
Yes! I know! I know! Yeah! So the baby is totally craving meat. This afternoon I tried tricking it, I made it a soy-burger to make it think it was getting meat, y'know? And I got nauseous.
Hello! Hello!
Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
Wow, this is a tough one. I think I'm gonna have to go with the dog.
Well, freaked. 'Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice's like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
How do you feel?
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!
Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease.
So you can't lose, it's there in the title. Wonderfullness is baked right in.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Yes!
Oh right, ok um. Ok so its not just the lie you tell. but its the way you tell it. . For example if you look down at the ground when you're talking, people know you're lying.
Pheebs, I still need some help here.
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
No, I'm alright, thanks.
Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they're in my seat. It's my anniversary. Here we are! . Can't believe it's been a whole year!
Ok, let's keep talking.
No! I definitely don't wanna get married. No I just wanted to make sure you didn't want to too. Whew! Coz you know when we move in and you start changing your mind there's gonna be hell to pay mister!
I'm sorry. Are you ok with that? Cause if not...maybe us moving in together isn't the best idea.
Oh, it's like huge weight has been lifted! 'Cause look, no hair loss, not a rash, no hives, I'm just so happy! Because no shortness of breath, no temporary euphoria-Oh.
Good for you!
We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid!
I'm so, so, so sorry, Joey. I definitely am gonna see you're play. I swear you're play is very important to us, thank you for your patience. You're play is the next play is the next play I'm gonna see.
Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own.
Who?
Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
Ooh-ho-ho!
I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Well, this is really awkward Oh, and I can leave!
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
I'll get it, okay. Hi, Monica and Rachel's. Yeah, just a second, can I ask who's calling. Oh, ew, it's Michelle! Ew! She, she must have that Caller Id thing. You should get that.
Yay!
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Well why didn't you take the job?
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Hey, what's that?
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la...
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does."
Alright, I'll give you the ear thing but don't you think the ending was pretty wonderful?
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Well, h-how is this like that?
Oh, it's my wedding planner. She's driving me crazy! Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Oh no, no, no, let your dad get this.
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy.
Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget?
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. "First Time I Met Chandler, I Thought He Was Gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
They're brother and sister!!!
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Yeah me too.
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you with me. Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
'Cause you're still into Monica. So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so 'cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...
Why would you say that?
No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
On behalf of everyone, I'd just like to say behuh.
I'm telling you! Oh, okay! This is the part of the musical where there'd be a really good convincing song. "Bam-bam, don't take no for an answer. Bam-bam, don't let love fly away. Bam-bam-bam-bam..."
You really think so?
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
Ssshh.
Oh, okay! "Would I go back to Allesandro's? Sure, but I'd have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." Wow! You really laid into this place.
All right, look at my on the back page.
Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y'know, real nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Yeah.
Oh God, I tried everything to make myself feel better. I even tried writing a song about it... but... I can't think of anything that rhymes with AARRGGHH!! Hey Monica, I really need your help getting through this...
Oh, I'm so sorry!
No, Mike, I don't want to kill him! I thought we were just gonna capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.
No, no, to test his neck strength.
But everybody sings. It's so much fun! Last time this adorable old man got out there, forgot all of the words, flipped outand everyone booed him off the stage. So funny.
Only if I don't have to get up and sing.
Hey you guys wait! Guys! This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
I'm just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can't perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.
Phoebe, I'm engaged!
Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art, but your love oh your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon...crapping on my heart. La-la-la-la-la- Thank you. La-la-la-la...ohhh!
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Yeah! It really has been great too, you know, some of this people must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs! Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".
Great!
I made a man with eyes of coal And a smile so bewitchin', How was I supposed to know That my mom was dead in the kitchen? La lalala la la la la lalala la la...
Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year.
Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
Don't feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you're like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing".
What are you talking about?
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
What's 1922?
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man?
Well then I guess then I-I would I would have to say C.
No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. Hey, how do you sleep at night?
What? Me having a job?
Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed.
Did you like it?
Yeah, well, everybody does! I'm a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn't even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I'm just, I'm gonna do the same thing to you.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
Ahh that's the 2 points.
Food here at 'Javu'..will kill you..the food here at 'Javu' ...will kill you.. Monica: Thank god, it's just you! I thought someone was swinging a bag of cats against the wall.
Ok, go quick! Ross: Thank you for a delightful stay. Ross: Oh, my maple candy!
That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why. Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn't sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.
Everybody knows!
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
Oh! Since tomorrow. I met this really cute guy in the park and he like y'know, jogs, and blades, and swims, and so y'know we made a deal that's he's going to teach me all sorts of jock stuff.
Look at you. Since when do you roller blade?
Well, I mean, I'm not my sisters, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, its true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, weve grown apart, so, um... I dont know, why not? Okay.
So that if we went out on a date, shed be there.
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
Maybe he's. . . gay.
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Yeah alright, that sounds alright.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. Looks like I was second to last.
No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
Oh!
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Anyway, I'm going out with Sergei again tonight, and um, could you come and be the translator's date? So that when we, it's time for our alone time, you two could split off. Y'know, he's really, he's kinda cute.
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Some moms do that.
There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Okay y'know what you have to choose. All right, if-if the most important thing on the planet to you is this cat poopy thing then, okay you can have Smelly Cat, but we won't be partners. So what's it gonna be?
No, no, I don't want to forget it.
Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t-not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! Judy! Bye.
What?
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we'll call that pulling a Monica.
Oh good, I'm glad that's catching on.
I don't accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can't just be a way to kill time 'til you meet someone better! Y'know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this is for life!
Phoebe he's right, that is the rule.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! Hi Bob! I thought I told you to get outta here!
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!
All right, I've never been engaged and I've never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Oh, ok, you want me to marry Mike? Alright, well, let's just gag him and handcuff him and force him down the aisle. I can just see it: "Mike, do you take Phoebe..." You know, it's every girl's dream!
What are you serious? You wanna marry him? Wha... What about Mike?
Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on!
Yeah, you can't do that! Oh, come on Mike, strap on a pair.Why don't you just tell her that we got back together. You know, women appreciate honesty. We also appreciate gentle spanking once in a while. Just F.Y.I.
Oh, err... no, she's not here yet. You know, I think I'm just gonna take off and break up with her over the phone...
Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? Earl, thanks. Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I'd like to talk to you about your toner needs.
So it's just your mother then.
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
I'm afraid, I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.
All right so Earl, let's just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there's gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
I dunno, let's see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Yeah!
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
Okay. Okay, here's what we're gonna do. Okay, I'm gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. Haul ass!!!!
Dude, you soooo need this car.
Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?
Ooh-Ooh! I did it! I did it! I figured out a way to make money! I'm gonna open up my own massage place and Frank's gonna help me! And! We can work it around his schedule so he doesn't have to quit school!
Hey!
Ooh! No, no, no, no, he's not like a kook, no. He's just like this, this very passionate, incredibly romantic guy, that got like a tinsy bit carried away, you know. And we just get along really well, and he's so cute.
Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom.
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it.
Oh my god!!
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!
No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay.
Hey, is that when you wrote salt water taffy man?
No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Okay. Hang up! That's it! Come on!
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they're gonna be having kids, and then they're just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they're gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
You really think it would be that different?
Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Seriously Pheebs, it's not gonna be that kind of a party.
Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself.
What? You are way off, lady!
Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Well relax, he'll be here.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
There's a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! There's a reset button! My God! Why didn't I see that! Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? Oh here it is! Oh! Ohh, God!
There's a reset button under the plastic cover.
Okay, bye. Alright, so Mike's on his way over. See, you thought you guys were meeting here, and he thought you were meeting at the restaurant, so you know... Doesn't really matter who's right or wrong. Point is... I'm gonna take off.
Duh, you think?
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . .
Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, Hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room, Where's Joey?
Surprise!
Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
Yeah.
...sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle;and away they all flew like the down of a thistle; but I heard him exclaim, ere he drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight!"
Stout. That's a kind of beer.
They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry...

I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
That's not a good idea, that's kinda the reason the last guy got fired.
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Why?
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
What's going on?
Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! All right, fine, now I get it. Here. You take it. Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther.
What?! He was with her when he wrote this poem. Look, 'My vessel so empty with nothing inside. Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.' He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!
What, what, what?!
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Yeah, I like Vince a lot, y'know? But, it's just Jason's so sensitive, y'know? And in the long run, I think sensitive it's just better than having just like a really, really, really nice butt. Jason! Definitely Jason! Okay, wish me luck!
Oh, so you're going with the teacher, huh?
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y'know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It's been a really bad day, whore wise.
Sweety...
Yeah, I can't say that. uhm... Susie, I'm gonna be straight with you... Mike and I are back together... and uhm... unfortunately that effectively ends your relationship with him. And he's very sorry about that and wishes you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
My name is Precious.
Ok. I mean I know I did the right thing. You know, Mike never wants to get married and I shouldn't be in a relationship that has no future... but... pretty soon I'm gonna miss him so much. I'm gonna wanna see him again and you have to stop me from doing that.
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth.
I found you in my bed! How'd you whined up there? You are a mystery! Little black curly hair! Little black curly hair! Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............
Uh, no!!
Good. It's just so hard, it's hard for me to ... let them go. I guess it just brings back memories, you know, from ... when I gave birth to my brother's triplets and I had to give them up. I haven't told you about that yet, have I?
No, I think you're sweet.
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year!
Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Ooh, I can't do this. My mom was right. If I can't-if I can't give him up, then there's no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give 'em-a kidney!
Ooh, it was only okay.
What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
I know! So this woman probably could like have all kinds of stories about my parents, and she might even know like where my Dad is. So I looked her up, and she lives out by the beach. So maybe this weekend we could go to the beach?
That is so cool.
All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains. And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....
I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.
Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there. And she was like "Oh, don't worry! I asked him. He's totally ok with seeing you!". So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!
What's the matter, Pheebs?
...and then it goes back to the chorus... Smelly cat, Sme-lly ca-t / I-t's not your fau-lt. And that's the end of the song... I realise that you didn't ask to hear it, but uhm... no-one had spoken in seventeen minutes.
Nothing else worked. That girl is all about the ass...
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Well, I'm going to the dentist, so listen, okay, just be on the look out for anything that, that, that you can fall into, or, or that can fall on you, or... All right, just look out! Okay, And um, I also just wanna, I just wanna tell you all that um......
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Oh. It's just so unexpected! I...I uh...Boy I'll tell you it's just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y'know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in...
I'll be out in a second.
Okay. Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. Just one sec. One sec! One second!! Wait! One second! Just...
Uh-huh.
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
But, I mean, do you think he's gonna enjoy it when he's up to his elbows in the diapers from all the babies they have to have right away?! This is not fair to Frank, and it-it's not fair to the babies, and y'know what, it's not good home economics.
Pheebs, he seems to enjoy it.
When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family.
Okay...
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
There you go!
Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I'm going to have three full grown babies just walkin' around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it's gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Definitely.
Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there's the added mystery of who gets who.
You shouldn't.
Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people!
Yeah!
Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know... you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh! paying taxes!
Oh! Phoebe, why did you lie to me about working here?
No! Think about it okay? This isn't even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you're my first call! And-and somebody else might've hung up on you, but I wouldn't do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
I thought it was toner.
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, I'm, I'm sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I'm-I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna name the baby Chandler.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Well, it was just, it was all so crazy, you know. I mean, Chandler was in the closet, counting to 10, and he was up to 7 and I hadn't found a place to hide yet. I-I-I meant to tell you, and I wrote it all down on my hand. See, all of it.
How is it you?
Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
What?!
Well, but thats what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldnt even talk to me any more. Because he said he didnt wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
No.
Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
So you wanna buy a house in the 50's?
I can't. I can't. She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was 'Okay, bye Pheebs' gone. Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I've ever had in like all my lives.
Well so?
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
Do you?
Yeah. 'Hello. Oh my God, I totally forgot! Well can't someone else do it. But, I have company. Yeah, no look, that's all right I'll come in.' Um, Frank, I'm really sorry but I have to go to work. It's-it's one of my regulars and he's insisting that I do 'um.
Whoa! Big octopus.
That's right, exactly. All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. Bye-bye. Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? Okay, all right, good. .
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. I mean, well, it's just that I I've always felt kinda like an outsider, you know, the rest of you have these connections that go way back and, you know, now, you and I have... have a great one!
Oh my god, it was you! I can't believe it, you... you mugged me?
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Ah, the other Jack.
Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I've got?
Okay.
Well, I'm not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there's y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she's worried that y'know, she's gonna, she's gonna be replaced. Well, that's not gonna happen is it? Noo. Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
No, look, I told you that I didn't want you to try and sell it, and you just, you big fat did it anyway. God, y'know what, I think five years ago I probably would've done anything to play with you but, I can do it by myself. And if I can't trust you then just forget it.
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
Well okay, let this be a lesson to all of you, all right. Once you, once you betray me, I become like the ice woman, y'know. Very cold, hard, unyielding, y'know nothing, nothing can penetrate this icy exterior. Can I have a tissue, please?
Wow, that was kinda brutal.
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
No, I'm really okay with this. Y'know why? 'Cause look at them, and I made that, so... I know it's gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it's gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. I wanna carry your baby.
What are you doing?
What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END.
Uh, Phoebe, I don't think your mom would want you to see what's about to happen.
OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Alrighty. From the top.
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.
Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him.
Wow.
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! Go!! Who's this? Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
So uh, how you doin'?
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y'know just remember that it's still really early, okay so, if it says that I'm not pregnant, that doesn't mean that I'm not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don't go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
So umm, you feel like taking a test? There's only one question.
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
No. wh - get off your sister! Oh my god, what are we gonna do? We have 7 rats. So what if each of them has 7 rats? And then each of those have 7 rats? That's like ... That's math I can't even do! What are we gonna do?
Yeah - not such a problem with rats. No, they're more of a "love the one you're with" kind of animals.
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Well, so why not go knock?
Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't th ink either answer would make me feel better.
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
We, you know, we're different! We don't care about having a huge party. This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant. All right, well, who cares, I don't need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
That's crazy! . I am sorry. I just can't imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
What?!
Ohh that's so sweet! Oh! Hang on! Hang onnnnnn!!! Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired.
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Oh my God! Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache-Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don't recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I'm sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Y'know, the possible side affects.
Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
Hi Phoebe.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Yes.
Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
You talked to him. Are you crazy?
'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Hang up, hang up.
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Really?!
We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about this: We can say that Monica told us 5 o'clock, not 4 o'clock. That way we're right on time! OR... or, we can plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her.
I got mugged. And they stole my pocket.
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave?
What?!
Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much.
Okay, I'll do it!
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Uh-huh.
Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you about, 'cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Well, we didn't have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
What?!
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Well, here's your phone doctor.
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in... I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped?
It is so good to see you!
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! Okay, that's a lie.
Oh please! You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! Look what you're doing to Chandler!! Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Guys, guys, guess who I am?!
"Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under--wear..." Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
My parents will be so happy.
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Hard to tell, I was naked.
Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little... Oh no-wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick's pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that's working.
I wanna quit the bank!
It only takes two heart attacks to finally make you see.../One of them won't do it, but the second one will set you free.../Tell all your hate and anger, it's time to say good-bye.../And that is just what I will do, soon as those bastards I work for die!/La, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la......
Oh yeah.
Its mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just dont get along?
Shhh! I'm on a call! Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say 8:30? At-at my apartment. It's umm, it's umm 5 Morton Street, Apartment 14, umm and then maybe y'know after we can grab a bite to eat or whatever. Okay, well okay I'll see you then. Bye.
Phoebe! You can't do th...
Look, Precious... Mike's not worth this. You're an attractive, intelligent woman and let's face it, Mike's kind of a wang. I mean, he proposed to me while he was still seeing you... He was gonna break-up with you on your birthday? And, I don't like to kiss-and-tell, but he cheated on you a lot this weekend.
He proposed to you? This is the worst birthday ever.
I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake.
But please, let's just forget the whole thing.
Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Oh, this is like the best day ever. Ever! You guys might get back together, Monica and Chandler are getting their baby, there are chicks and ducks in the world again! Oh, I feel like I'm in a musical! "Daa - raa... When the sun comes up, bright and beaming! And the moon comes..."
Wow, I hadn't thought of that. I hope not.
Well look, you don't really like the one from uptown and you're too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you're done!
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
What?
'Okay, go ahead.' Um, hi Annie. Fantastic! You got it. Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... Op, went through a tunnel.
Very nice touch.
well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward You kissed me.
what's wrong?
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Hey, Pheebs.
No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la....
Well, but Pheebs.
Wait, you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Well thanks.
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
What?
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I'm sure. First of all, okay, there's the feeling. Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. My Mother's favourite fish is Orange Roughy... Cats....like....fish! Hi, Mommy. Oh, I haven't seen this smile in 17 years!
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A's, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one's outta here." Though some things don't change.
What?
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. Kind of what 'probably' really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y'know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y'know? You gotta take care of yourselves! In this world history teaches us nothing!
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Umm, okay, okay, look. I took this picture from your fridge. Okay, because I know that this is my Father. Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him. Now, look I deserve to know where I came from. All right? So if you can help me find my Father then you should! Otherwise, you're just mean! So, just tell me the truth!
What?!
Okay, Lesson One: Chords. Now, I Don'T Know The Actual Names Of The Chords But Umm, I-I-I Made Up Names For The Way My Hand Looks While I'M Doing Them. So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady.
Umm, okay.
That's right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there's no greater gift, than the gift of music. Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma!
Oh, Phoebe, I'm sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well.
No, no, it's not your fault. You know it's partly my fault, 'cause I made you quit cold turkey. Sorry, no. Okay, well, I mean, I can't date you anymore, 'cause your, you know Wow! But um, but I will definitely, definitely help you get over my sister. Okay, stalk me for a while. Huh? Yeah, and, and, and, I'll be like an Ursula patch.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I tried to stop, but I couldn't. I'm so pathetic.
No he won't. And that's not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y'know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don't have my principles, I don't have anything!
So! He'll understand!
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
And what did he say?
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? This chick sounds good. Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Excuse me. Excuse me! Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go.
...the lullabye of...
Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? The neighbor's dog.
I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh.
Good yeah just be honest with him.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, Im not saying shes like evil or anything. She just, you know, shes always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldnt let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. And then, oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like... Have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend?
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
"Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap./Asked him to bring my friends all kind of crap./Said all you need is to write them a song./They haven't heard it, so don't try and sing along./No, don't sing along./Monica, Moncia, have a happy Chanukah./Saw Santa Clause, he said hello to Ross./And plese tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy!/And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!"/Happy holidays, everybody!
Lean-lean-lean!
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Thank you.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Oh, honey.
Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt the hideousness that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call. Well, it's too late now.
W-oa ... Mommy!
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
We checked. A lot.
I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
What's the matter?
Monica slow down! Ok? I'm just excited to be living with him. You know I mean, I don't know, Can I see someday being married to Mike? Sure! Yeah. Y'know..I can picture myself walking down the aisle in a wedding dress that highlights my breasts in an obvious yet classy way. But do I want that house in Connecticut...you know..near the good schools where Mike and I can send Sophie and Mike Junior.. Oh my god I do.
I hear wedding bells.
There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night".
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
Hi Phoebe.
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. I'm sorry, you were fighting.
You wanna explain that?
Hey, that's not fair! A person's wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn't have a graduation party! And I didn't go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to "kill me" or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it.
Hey, it's not my business, besides it's probably a good thing. We really would have been spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing...
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I'm-I'm Phoebe Buffay, hi! I'm-I'm-I'm hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we're doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you've been there! Umm, y'know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I'll keep you safe and warm until you're ready to have them take you home, so... Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I'm screaming, don't worry, that's what's supposed to happen.
Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! Well, if you're gonna cry.
Yeah, sure yeah. Yeah.
So here is a, a very special holiday song that I wrote for some very important people to me. "Went to the store, sat on Santa's lap. Asked him to bring my friends all kinds of crap. Said all you need is to write them a song. Now, you haven't heard it yet, so don't try to sing along. No, don't sing along. Monica, Moncia, have a happy Hanukkah. Saw Santa Claus, he said hello to Ross. And please tell Joey, Christmas will be snowy! And Rachel and Chandler, have err-umm-glander!!" Happy holidays, everybody!
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
Uhm... Okay, well, allright, uhm... Originally I'm from upstate, but uhm... then my mom killed herself and my stepdad went to prison, so... I just moved to the city where uhm... I actually lived in a burned out Buick LeSabre for a while... which was okay, that was okay, until uhm... I got hepatitis, you know, 'cause this pimp spit in my mouth and... but I... I got over it and uhm... anyway, now I'm uhm... a freelance massage therapist, uhm... which, you know, isn't always steady money but at least I don't pay taxes, huh... So... where does everyone summer?
Phoebe, come sit. Tell us a little bit about yourself... So where are you from?
And... moment's over! So, ok, uh, I can forget that. I can forget that and uhm... Oh this is funny! Oh, but you need to know that to... that, to... Oh, ok, well, uhm, I . Ok, ok, I, ok, I.... MONICA I CAN'T DO IT LIKE THIS! THIS IS MY WEDDING! OKAY, I DON'T WANT THIS OR THIS OR THIS OK? I JUST WANTED A SIMPLE WEDDING! WHERE MY FIANCEE CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM ANYTIME HE WANTS! You know what? You're done.
oh God.
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Come on, they're gonna love you.
Ok. Hello everyone and thank you all for being here tonight. So tomorrow's the big event and some of you might not know, but Mike and I didn't get off to the best start. . My friend Joey and I decided to fix each other up with friends so I, I... oh I... hum... I gave it a lot of thought and I fixed him up with my friend Mary Ellen who couldn't be here tonight because... it's not important... she is in rehab. Anyway, so, ok, Joey said that he was fixing me up with his friend Mike, only he didn't have a friend Mike so he just brought, uhm, my Mike and, and but despite, you know... it got... it got good. Ok, I wanna take a moment to mention my mother, who couldn't be here...
It's 2101 and I am not amused. . Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say.
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. Okay, good. Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!
Hey! It's Porsche!!
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys Gold-digger, cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Go back to 3-B, 3-B!
