No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Yeah, you almost overreacted to something.
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?!
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Hi, sure!
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
This one is uh Paul O'Neil.
Who's that?
Pierce Brosnan?
Uh-huh.
Okay! "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time!
Really? Really?!
Yes!
Hey!
Hey!
No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.
Me too, we should get goin'.
Rachel, that's all we do.
Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
What's the other one?
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Oh, we have some...
No you don't!
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Two pounds of Moca Java please.
Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Hey!
Hi Danny! Wow! Thirsty huh?
Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
Oh, no, no.
What? Are you married? 'Cause that's okay.
Still no smile?
Touchet, touchet, Miss Americccan pie. Ameri-ccan.
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it's like uh-a thing!
Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
Do you?
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
It's the same story.
Wow, it's really long.
Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
Yeah!
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
'Scuse me?
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
Okay. Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Oh, I'm sure.
Oh, that's right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that's gotta be embarrassing!
...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! Thank you, thanks.
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Yes, at 4:00.
I'd better get back to my desk.
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
Now that you're a couple, we don't get two presents from you guys?
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
No, I know! I get it! It's funny!
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Yeah. That didn't work out.
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
Like what?
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Oh no, yeah.
Where are you gettin' this?
Well, she told me. She said she's kinda a loner.
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
HEY!! Do you have to do that? It's Saturday!
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-
Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights.
Well, go ahead Rachel.
If you're talking about feminism, I think you're right.
Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.
Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
That's who.
Look, are you gonna be ok?
Well, actually just one birthday flan.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Hi! I just want to apologize. I'm really sorry I was a baby.
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
Oh yeah!
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
What are you saying?
I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
I'll treat you real nice.
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Shhhh!!!
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
For an emergency just like this.
I swear you said you had the keys.
No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Yeah! No?
A kiss? What are you talking about?
Come on, Rach.
Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Oh! No, not really.
Well, that's cool. So did...
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Oh b-b-but it is!
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
All right. All right, I'll do it.
Thank you. Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Okay.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Ennnh.
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Huh?
Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go.
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Joey has got a secret peephole!
Oh no! No! No! No!
Look!
Dude! That's my sister!
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Hey!
Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Uberveiss. It's new, it's German, it's extra-tough.
Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Rach, have you never done this before?
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Just go over and say hi.
Hey, Danny!
Hey! What's going on?
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
...I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Yeah umm, they're called wallets.
Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
Ross! Phoebe's gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
Why did you do that?
Because she hates Pottery Barn.
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
I don't want to, I'm scared.
Hey, you guys!
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Hi! Okay, don't be mad at me, but I couldn't resist.
Brides magazines?
Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway. Like for clubbing.
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Fine! I'm sorry for your loss!
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Yes, they can stay with us.
Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman?
Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
All right, relax. It's just a shoe.
Wooooo!!!!
Fine. Gang up on me! I got you all right where I want you.
Come on, take 'em off!!
No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
You could drink the fat.
Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.
What?
I think you should drink the fat.
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
Depends on what you mean by we.
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
I know. At dusk. That's such a hard time for me.
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Oh yeah, go ahead.
Rach, I got a message from you. Who's Michael?
You're over me?
Ohhhhhhhh God.
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Rach, do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Don't do that.
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Call me!
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
So what was it for anyway?
I wanna say a disease.
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, but I still do.
Regular Celery! Oh, I already have that.
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Well look, if you don't like this...
I don't know why you say that so soon.
Francette? What is she? A couch?
Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Ugh!
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
Is there, anything in this record that is actually true?
Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
Ha!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
We know!
Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
First, I need a boyfriend, then I can have a list.
It's just a game Mon. Rach, how about you?
Spiderman?
Hardy Boy.
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
FINE BY ME!!
Hey!!
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
It looks like a women's purse.
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Exactly! Unisex!
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
The guy with the gas?!
Really?!
Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
Yeah... ....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Sorry, Rach.
Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Yes, we do.
Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
And that's, that's funny why?
I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
OK.
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Rachel, don't do this. This is just because you're turning thirty.
Yeah, it is! But you're just a kid! I mean you're 25!
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Knock-knock.
Until now.
Oh, hi.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Now I do.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Yes.
I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
What's up with Gene?
So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Oh my God!
Oh, no!
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Duh, where've you been?
Yes!
Why?
Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Sounds like a fun party.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Something else I might have said?
Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
What uh-oh?
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
That's good. Very good!
So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now.
Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Yeah, I remember.
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Congratulations, I think youve found the worlds thinnest argument.
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Hey.
Hey.
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
What if you put them here.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
That's, that's nice twice!
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
Technically, huh, no.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
No, no no no, don't need to know the details.
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Hey.
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
Still thinking about it huh?
Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? Especially you!
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
You're hurt!
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
I would never do that!
Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
In my day, divorce was not an option.
Hey, look who's up.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Do you even know what a vicar is?
Like a goalie, right?
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
I suppose.
Umm-hmm.
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous?
Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
OK, gook luck.
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Yeah, that didn't work.
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Ohh-Do you think he will?!
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
I'm more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?
Do I?
Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we're-we're-we're-we're-we're clicking.
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn't working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
But, we can't go now. It looks like Rachel's gonna put on a skit.
Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can't let-, actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Hey!
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Um-hmm.
What am I making him by the way?
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Hey.
Hey.
I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
That's not Ross!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Or Carol! But they're funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
This stuff is great!
Y'know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica's made of honor.
You do? Why?
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
Oh, wait-wait! Maybe it's a pickle?!
What are you writing?
Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style-what did you throw away?
Hi guys!
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Oh.
Are you jealous?
You are totally jealous.
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name.
How did you get in here?
Your sister Joan is crazy.
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
No Joe, no miracle.
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
I think I should get the chair!
How do you figure?
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
I know, yeah, sorry.
What, it's not your fault.
Really?
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Does it?
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
No, Rach, no. I don't, I don't, I don't have to think about it, in fact, I've decided, I've decided that, that it.......does.
Are you sure?
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You think?
Hey, you're right.
Yeah.
No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
Oh, is there a problem?
Oh my God! That was flirting?!
Yeah.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Hi.
Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Any luck?
Again. Y'know what? I think we all did.
Hey!
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
I'm talkin'!
Alright, fine. I'll call you back.
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
So, did you play in college? sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
Okay. I'll miss you.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Bye Ben.
Bye.
Suddenly I'm seeing him go off to college.
We've gotta go, we've got that cab waiting.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Oh my God!!
What do you think?
Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Rachel? Do you smoke?
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
That doesn't seem fair.
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
And I just want a million dollars!
Rachel?!
Can I get you some coffee?
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Here are your cakes.
We didn't order cake.
You're right.
You know.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
So that's two of my wives.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
Yeah.
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
I don't know.
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Is Monica here?
No.
You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready?
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving.
Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah.
Hey, is Chandler here?
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Oh, great. It's starting to rain, that will make it easy to get a cab.
It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Well, hon-ey. I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Yeah, it is! But you're just a kid! I mean you're 25!
Twenty-four actually.
Me too.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
But I told you, I didn't have the time!
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
That is neither here nor there.
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Okay, okay, okay.
I think you should go.
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Dude!
Sorry.
Well it didn't!
What?!
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
That's kinda sad.
Got it!
Let's roll!
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
....Are we still talking about sex?
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
What?
Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Yep! There's always room for Jell-O...
Joey, how do you make that dirty?
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
Marenge,
Everybody!
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.
Ohh, okay, how about five. Ohh, thank you.
I'm just going to need to see your passport.

Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Ooh.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
What?
Could tonight be the Night?
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Okay.
Okay. Come on! That's not running! Let's go!
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Oh! I used to do that too!
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
What?
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Okay, I'm going to go stand over there.
Why do you care so much anyway?
Well, when you first met Barry, you flitted off to Vail.
Oh, y'know, would you just for once, not remember every...little...thing!!
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Uh-huh, that one!
Okay, umm, okay, umm... It's just Joey and Ross.
Why aren't you guys at the movie?
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
What? What?
Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
I did!
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
Yeah?
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Nope.
Ah that's great. No actually that's... That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
Hi. I'm back.
Hey! I have so much more to tell ya, I've written it all down!
Wait! Wait! Listen! Listen to this! Y'know what I wanted to be when I was that age?
A lover?
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
Were both of those Joey?
...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
We didn't give you any money!
You don't think I know that!
Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
I know, I know. I went a little crazy.
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
Yeah?
Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Yeah.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
Hi.
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
Joey! I can't believe you just did that!
I can't believe she cracked your code!
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
Eh. Beth dies.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
So Pheebs, what is the book about?
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism.
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles.
You owe me a waffle.
Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
I'm great! I'm great. I've got a great job at Bloomingdale's, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I'm not seeing anyone right now, I've never felt better about myself.
Hello, Chip.
Hey, Rach! How ya doin'?
So ah, Monica ready yet?
She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
It's uh...
..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
It does sound appealing.
Oh, I never could do it.
Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!
Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it!
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
What?
Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
To get you to make out with him!!!
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
And lucky means, more cleavage?
Does for me.
Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
What?
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Did I use that already today? I'm sorry.
Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that's one for you.
Oh, I win! He's got Barney's on his speed dial.
Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
That's ridiculous!
Can I use.. either thumb?
Yeah. Yeah, excellent.
Good for me!
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
I'm not asking you to go on a date with him!
Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah?
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
What?
Why?
Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
Oh God. No! Oh not again! This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
What?
You're nose is bleeding!
Umm...
Sorry. Sorry.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
What're we looking at? That blue freckle?
OK, that's my tattoo.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Um. yeah.
I am soo dead.
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?" Come on, I can't do this!
The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
All right, you ready?
You can, I know you can!
I don't think so.
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
All right, I'll go down there. But, I'm not gonna serve the lasagna. I'm gonna serve something I make.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
That's a little clearer.
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
Okay, you hard worker! I'll remember to put that in your evaluation.
My what?
Are you serious?
No, I've just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?
I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Yeah, don't push it though.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Did I, did I even treat?
No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
What's happening to your accent?
Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
Well, hello Rachel!
Have you really done this before?
Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Hi!
Hi!
Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
Ah!
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
No! They did!
Yeah, we went shopping!
Sorry Jill.
Sorry-sorry Jill.
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
Welcome to our side of the tunnel.
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
Yeah, you do.
No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
Yeah, okay, at ease solider!
I'm sorry?
I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.
Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Yup, and waaay out of your league.
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
An advance?
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
Let it be me! Let it be me!
I gotta get going. Bye Chandler.
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
We're gonna find love!
Definitely!
What do you mean?
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
Time's up, now your dead.
And deaf!
Yes.
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
I wish I had smoked for my career...
That's so gross!
Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding.
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
So you'll definitely get onstage, even if you don't win.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef.
Okay!
Oh that's so great!
I know!
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Are there anymore from the good batch? 'Cause we could just work off of those.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
Ohh yeah.
Right?
Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
Oh! Thank you!
So now what's going on here?
No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
Uh, wh-why?
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
OK, gook luck.
Wha, uhh, what?
OK, now I'm nervous.
Maybe you should put it off.
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
What?
You're bleeding.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Yeah! Y'know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
What?
Remember?! We-come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops...
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Pretty good! I told her.
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
What's a 'niffle'?
You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
: Loser?
No, I fold.
I'm in.
How many you want?
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Maybe you'll order a little sangria?
Oh, get out of here!
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
How-how did you lose your job here?
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
What's wrong with people having sex?
Hell, I wanna see Joey.
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
What?!
What?!
So that's two of my wives.
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Yeah.
Wow!
The guy with the gas?!
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
But, it's not raining.
I can't catch a break!
Yeah?
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
Oh yeah surfer?
I wanted to be one with the waves, y'know?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Hey.
'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Hey Rach.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Sure.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Yeah but, he's not your type.
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
What?
She-she died Jill.
Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
It's us.
Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together.
Hi.
I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
I need some milk.
Ok, I've got milk Here you go... Oh! Better?
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!
Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Crap!!
I gotta go!
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Any luck?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Rach, you're in a great place in your life. Come on, you've got a great job! Good friends...
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
Yeah, but you shouldn't compare yourself to me.
Come on Phoebe! You can do it Phoebe! Come on!
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
Chandler, there's a guy right over there.
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that?
Hmm.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
So you hit her in the face?
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
What happened?
You kissed him?!
Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Oh my God.
Can I see your license please?
Your license?
Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Right!
So tell me about this girl?
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
Ehh, pardon me?
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we're-we're-we're-we're-we're clicking.
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Sure! Why?
Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Yeah, what's it about?
Events from around the globe.
Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
What about Julie?
Well, that could take a while.
So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie?
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
What are you talking...
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
Yep! That's hilarious!
I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
How to make the next one even shorter?
Well, this is fun. So Ross, did you kill any of these wives?
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
Fine, then let's just say he's not my type.
Well okay, if it means that much to you, then I'll ask him out.
Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Not even with your best friend.
Noo!
Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
Pretty much.
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
Yeah, never cheat on Rachel.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!!
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Hey!
Hey Rach!
Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Oh, right, clink.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
Oh, that does sound. . .Ahh.
I mean he just started going out with her.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Oh fresh air!
Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
Okay. Oh but don't tell them Monica's pregnant because, they frown on that.
Okay.
Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?!
Yeah.
Yeah, what's that like?
Rach! It's me! Pick up!
Hey! What's up?!
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
What's up?!
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Hello!
All right, I'll do it.
Oh thank you! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Emily?
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
...But a man can change.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Huh?
Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Tah-daaah!
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Well, whaddya think?
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
Morning!
Yeah!!
Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Call her! Call her now!
Multiple, so many paper cuts.
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Oh here's a whole bunch.
Oh my God!
What?
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
So how's Mindy?
Brrrrrrr!
Hell is filled with people like you.
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
Sure.
So.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
Really? Me?
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, for the love of God, Monica, don't do it!! ...Thank you.
What d'you think?
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
That's me.
Ahh, yes.
You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Okay. Okay.
Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Paul.
Oh.
Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
Not uh, not to my recollection.
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Why did they get divorced?
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Which time?
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
What?
No dear. It's not.
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
I wrote you a letter.
Ohh! Thank you! I like mail.
Okay. Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
Well, I'll be waiting for you, just come up when you're done.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
No.
Rachel, you and Mark?!
Morning!
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
Yeah, I know.
What?
Rachel stop!
You're so bad!
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Wow, cute one!
Very!
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
Damnit!
Okay, who's next?
Really?! 'Cause y'know that hurts.
So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it--Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Yeah, Rach, I think you're handling that really well.
What?
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
What?
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Y'know what? You are right?!
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
Oh what do you know? Virgin!
Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
So you really OK about all this?
Hi guys.
Hey.
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Sure!
Hey. It happened!
Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Why are you taking this away from me?
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
She didn't hang up either...
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-
Rach, I got a message from you.
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
That is lucky.
Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Y'know what you should do?
Huh?
I'm listening.
See?
And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
200 at least.
...and this guy...
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Well, Ross and I were in grad school together.
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Ross, there is no us, OK.
No, but. . .
Well, but, but. . .
NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first!

I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Thank you.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Oh hey Joey! What's up?
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Really?
Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
That's ok.
What's goin' on?
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
No. No-no-no-no.
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
Oh my God! Oh my God!!
Still crying?
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
What's the other one?
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Uh, here. What time?
4 o'clock. Food?
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Oh. Here's your moisturiser. Hi!
Hey!
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Oh, well okay. Well, there you go.
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
Okay.
Okay.
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
Yeah, and you don't mind if I call, because you only want good things for me.
That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
That is so made up!
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now?
What do you get? Emily!! Emil-Whoa!! Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!
Are you all right?
I think you're done.
Okay, time to take off the bra.
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Oh me too.
No, I do not hear that.
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
You don't think I'm cute?
You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
You seem to really like her.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
You think?
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?
I'm sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Everybody!
Okay, I'll do it.
You'll do what?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Okay, okay, okay. I'll get the bagels.
What's this?
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I'm telling you...
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Hey Rachel!
Hi!
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Just a job!
Yes.
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Well neither do I!
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
Hi.
How'd did it go?
I'm so proud of you.
Me too!
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married.
Two pounds of Moca Java please.
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
I am so sorry.
That's all right. I mean hard is it to get a couple drinks right, huh?
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note!
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Just a smidge.
David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
Excuse me. It's about the job.
Sorry, Rach.
Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Oh!
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
What about him?
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Uhh, the ball thing.
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything.
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
No.
You want me to talk you out of it?
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
What?!
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
YOU IDIOT!!!!!
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Phoebe?
Hm?
Fish!
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Oh, hello Rachel.
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Okay, well if I stop playing with Joey and Chandler, can I play with Mark?
Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.
Really!?
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Oh, great could you make me four copies of those?
Hey Rachel!
Umm, is Tag here?
No. Why?
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
No, I did, but tell me again, because it's so romantic.
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Oh I am!
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Look at you! Come here! Feel better?
Yeah! You're the best!
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Your sunglasses?!
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
Yes.
It's that terrible?
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
I love you too.
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
What?! We can't do that!
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
I don't think he's the one who needs help.
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
He's not gonna say anything, because we're not gonna tell him.
We're not?!
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Hey, Monica!
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
I don't know sweetie.
No! Help me!
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument.
You have some life here, sweetie.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
For...me.
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Okay Rach, but...
Op! You're peeping!
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
No, I'm not.
'Cause you guys were on a break.
When's my daddy coming back?
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh God.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Hi Rachel!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Uh, boat rope.
Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
You got a tattoo?
Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Oh, okay, you're not a pushover.
You start working on that list.
I cannot believe her.
I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I meanI'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
You know what?
What?
But...
Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Hey Rach!
How'd it go?
Not a good day for birds...
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
I don't gossip!
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
What? They were like this!
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! Okay, what is it?
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey!
Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
Y'know she might not even notice he's gone.
I'm gonna start getting ready!
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can't do this here!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just...It's just so sad!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
You said she was bald!!
What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Okay, first of all, breathe. Second of all, I don't get it. Aren't you the one that decided that you didn't want to be with Ross?
Yes.
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
...it's gonna be okay!
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Thanks!
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
This is the worst Christmas ever.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
That word was swans.
Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
I thought it went very well.
Rachel, please, don't make a scene.
There's nobody here!
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
All right, I'll pick that one.
Ohhh!
Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
What?
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
I'm right here!
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
I'm still right here!
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
I mean really, think about it.
Ho-ho, I will.
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
What's hard to believe?
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
But I...
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that.
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Hi Ralph.
Hi Kim.
Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
Really?
Women really want this?
More than jewelry.
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
You got porn!
Hello.
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Oh, everything's pink.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
Oh my god.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
I think so.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's
Well what is it? Come on sweetie, your like, freaking me out here.
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
Yeah. A year ago..
You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
I don't think mine likes me either.
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
That is damning evidence.
Hello? Yes, I'm the one who found your phone.
Phoebe! You can't do th...
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
This is fashion?! Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? 'Cause I do.
I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Really?
Will you call him?
So now, what is this now?
Guggly worm.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
I can scratch that right off.
All right!
All right? Thank you.
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Mm-mmm.
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
What?! What?!
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Yeah, maybe.
And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Oh, that poor bastard.
You're not gonna be phased out!
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... ... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
I thought you didn't smoke.
We get high.
Oh, me too.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Agh, it was the graduation from hell.
Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
So what happened?
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend...
Ohh! That would be great.
Yeah, I didn't think of that.
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?!
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Oh... Oh my God. He remembered.
Remembered what?
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
I can't believe he did this.
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
OK.
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Just one cheek.
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
Okay, okay. So, should I call her?
Nooo!
She has to know that your not ready.
Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Uh-huh.
Ohh. . . Thanks Rach, goodnight.
Ohh, God.
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Very good, so good.
I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
Come on! Look where you are!!
When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Because she hates Pottery Barn.
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
Hey guys.
Hey Danny.
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Yeah?
And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Do you have any ice?
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Hmm. Umm, why do you have a copy of The Shining in your freezer?
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Yeah, okay.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Ross, you don't know that.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Really? Like how?
That's a good one.
Yeah? You like that one?
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
It's not here.
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Y'know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Yeah and we'll drop it off downstairs so that we're not tempted.
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
Honey, it's gonna be okay.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
What???
Oh my god.
I am proud of all my friends today.
My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous.
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Sit down!
Okay.
We're sorry.
No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
What are you guys talking about?
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
But I love swing music!
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y'know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts-They just stop living.
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Rachel has a new doll.
Uh, hello!
Hi-e!!
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Wow, you worked in a mine?
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Oh, this is not that bad.
Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Why? What happened to him?
Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
Wow. I'm sorry. Eggroll?
No. And then I called him, and he wasn't there.
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
You're not gonna be phased out!
Ehh!!
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
We need more cards.
That must be our alcohol and beers!
Hey!
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
I, I don't know.
Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine.
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Phoebe!
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Well then you're going to have to take her out again.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
All right! Fine! But it's just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don't want you setting me up with anybody ever again!
That's fine!
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
Wh-why is that the best part?
Because then I don't have to!
I'm really not deciding!
Fine!
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him.
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
My God! You love me!
What?
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Hi.
Are you all right?
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
God I know, you're right.
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Are you talking about having sex?
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
And you're not gonna do that.
So-so there is no party.
No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Thank you.
Um, coffee to go, please.
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Okay!
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
You have to respect the sea!
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ugh!
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
No, Chandler's still in Phase One, and Joey's that thing you smell.
Ohh! Hi!
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Hey!
Y'know?
I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.
Fruitflies?
Yes! Thank you.
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Hey!
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
It's not random, it's Bob.
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go!
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
You are asking me to be your wife!
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Him? Him, Ross?
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Absolutely, yeah!
Chandler! You're smoking? What are you doing?!
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
I don't gossip!
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Okay. Walked right into that one didn't he?
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Great. So the ball is in his court?
Ball? There is no ball.
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Ok, here, I know what we can do.
Hey, hey, hey no.
Well if he's not gonna eat it, I will.
Are you crazy?
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
What?
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Normal.
Nope! That never happened to me!
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Did uh, Ross call?
No, I'm sorry.
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
What was the book?
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
What?!
I know, Monica told me.
Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Surprise!!
What?
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
I have plans.
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Yesterday!
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
Rachel, calm down!
Okay. I'm sorry. You're right, you're right.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Hopefully.
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
How long do cats live?
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
And stop saying that! I hate that!
Okay!
The pizza-place across the street any good?
What?!
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
That's a little clearer.
Sure, I-I-I...
Your thinking about my leg aren't you?
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
An advance?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
Yes!
You tired Chandler?
You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I'm sorry. Here.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
It's my sister.
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Yeah... That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone.
What? Wait! Why...why do you get the story?
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
This one?
It worked!
Wait, no, look at this! "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Hey!
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
I am gonna see her again.
Damnit Phoebe!!
My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
What?!
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
She asked-asked you out again?
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
Thank you. I...yeah.
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
Not right now.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
Yeah.
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
I'm talking about massages.
Oh.
Okay that's fair.
All right.
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Well, hey I did learn.
Really?
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Well, Ross said my name.
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
But my clothes are-ohh!
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Oh, that's it? A great idea!
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
That's right!
Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y'know, this bra... Really, bothers me. Y'know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y'know what they'd say? Wanna hear some memories?
Rachel is my girlfriend.
So, this was uh, really fun.
Need uh, need a little hand there.
Oh no-no-no! No, I got this all under control.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
Yeah.
Ok fine.
Thank you.
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
What are you talking about?
Yeah, what' going on?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Awwww!
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Joey, come on! We just went over this!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
What do you mean you quit?! You can't quit!
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Well, I told him I would think about it, but I'm gonna tell him no.
Huh.
Wow. So, okay, maybe that means that, you're not over Ross yet and you have issues with your father.
I don't have any issues with my Father.
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
And uh, he will have a white wine spritzer.
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
Hey!
Hey!
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
What?!
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
That's great! That's wonderful!
Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story...
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
Yes!
That, you get? That, you get?
Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Thank you. Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
So you hit her in the face?
Aww, Pheebs.
Honey, that's you're name.
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
C'mon Rachel.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross.
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what.
Huh?
Hey.
Hey Phoebs, what's happening?
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Great! Great! You're making the bike very happy.
Okay Ross! Please don't die!
That's kinda sad.
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
ON A CAT??!!!!
It's not a cat!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
It's not a cat!
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Waitressing?
Well. Your mom didn't tell us about the blobbies.
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Y-sure!
And while I'm gone don't you boys sneak a taste.
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean.
Then how come it is?
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
I'll say.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs.
Hey Joey, how'd the audition go?
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Yeah, I guess, but what's like heads and what's tails?
Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
Hi!
Oh!! My God, what are you doing here?
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
What? Why?!
This is weird for me!
How is that important?
Oh it's important!
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Wow.
Oh my god! Those guys are stealing my car!
What?
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
Because! Because I was sad.
What do you mean?
I don't care, she slept with me.
Anyway sweetie, I am, I'm so sorry I ruined your night.
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Okay.
What?
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
I'll treat you real nice.
Won't-won't that take longer?
Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush.
And your fly's still open...
Ha, I made you look....
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
I'll go.
Fine.
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
Do you want me to quit?
What?! What would make you think that?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! You can put your sad little muffin back in it's drawer. If you must know the truth, I didn't want to lose a perfectly good assistant.
What?
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
The most unbelievable thing happened to me today.
Hi!
Wow!
I know!
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
I guess so.
Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
Exactly.
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
No!
So what happened?
What happened?
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
What do you mean?
I can do that!
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Thank you. OK. Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Good.
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Why not?
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
I don't think so.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Emily.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
You look cute in bubbles.
Ehh, you're just liquored up.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Absolutely!
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
Ooh, this always happens.
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
Yeah! Yeah. They're...they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Yeah.
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Right...
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
What big thing?
I'll go.
Yay!
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God....
No, look, don't touch that!
Easy Rach, we'll find it. Won't we!
Oh! Yeah!
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message.
Aaaahhhhhhh.
I'm outa here.
Well, what happened?
Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until...
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
No, not my touchie.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Nobody likes change.
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
You seem to really like her.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Yeah, it is the best.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Yeah, I can do that.
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Thanks.
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
Never done that before.
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Okay.
Um, I'm not.
Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
See, now it's weird again.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Hello? Hello?
So how's Mindy?
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
What?
Yeah, well, I don't dance at weddings.
Why not?
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
Why the hell didn't you tell me!
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
Rach, hey look, I remember that, it wasn't so bad.
Oh Ross, would you stop, you got me, I'm dating you.
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Why are you laughing?
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
I'm sorry, that's not funny.
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Oh, really?
You expect me to believe.. Hi Ralph.
Hi Kim.
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
I'm starving!
Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Hello.
And that's Pete's Mom.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Oy.
Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?
Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
But I haven't used my card in weeks!
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
Alright, c'mon! Let's play Twister!
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Look at it, isn't it beautiful?
Yeah, yeah, what is it?
W-What was the one right before bananas?
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I'm gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I'm just gonna y'know, lie it your chair, Y'know? Yeah, good, I'm let gravity y'know, do its jobs.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
I'll take care of it.
That's right! You do what the hand says!
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Should I tell her I ordered tea?
No.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Can't I just look at the handles on them?
You would think.
What?!
Gunther, I quit.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
OK, tip the man.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Oh! That's nice.
Wow. Good speech.
Yeah, it really was!
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
Really?
Uh-huh.
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Ohh, wait a minute, we haven't pre...
Go!
Oh! That's nice.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
Oooooh...
I don't think so dear.
What the hell, it's for a good cause! All right!
No way! It's mine!!
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
See, he's her lobster.
Nooooo. You're really not going?
You don't have a car. And your license expired.
I know. Yeah, see, there's so much to do and I have so little time to do it in.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
Umm, that paper's two weeks old.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Well, believe me, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Oh.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
Hi!
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Sorry, prom queen.
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Nope.
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
So what happened?
Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents.
Well, how bout just her mom?
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Oh that's not true.
Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Ohh.
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
Excuse me?
Here let me...
Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Then why did she ask us to...
Yes, Papaya Extract.
Thank you!
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Great!
Okay, London 1...
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Right! But, I am sorry.
She took all my stuff.
Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Yeah but it wasn't for me, it was for a friend.
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
Of course, yeah!
Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Yeah?
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all your fault.
Yeah, don't push it though.
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
I say push her down the stairs.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
You can see where he'd have trouble.
Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
You're gonna be an aunt.
Oh shut up!
Hi guys!
Hey, Pheebs! Hi!
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Hello.
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Maybe in L.A?
Yes!
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
Ooh, steer clear of you.
That's right.
I'm divorced! I'm only 26 and I'm divorced!
Shut up!
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Yeah? You like that one?
Yeah, you're funny.
Can I do it to you?
Yeah, I-I-I-I'm funny Ben, but I'm not stupid. Okay?
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
I'm not in love with Ross!
Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
We thought you knew!
We?!
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Oh there is no way.
Okay then.
But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
That'll be $3.85.
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
No, Rach!
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
Marenge,
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Oh, please!
Hey, how you doin'?
I've never done that.
Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
And then... your face is bloated?
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
I, I know.
Ok, thanks for coming, I hope you guys had fun.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
How could you lose him?
I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
Sure.
Hi.
Hi, hi can I help you?
Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Hi.
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
Fair enough.
Zelner.
Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
