I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
...now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right?
Okay, so anyway I'm sittin' in my office and guess who walks in.
Ooh, sorry. Sorry. You finish, go.
He even offered to meet me for lunch tomorrow to prep me for it.
There you go.
I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don't know what happened, I must be nervous!
Ok, so sorry.
Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious.
What?
Oh, well, it's complicated. I don't actually have a boyfriend. But um. . .
So, she has a boyfriend. What is your situation?
Y'know who doesn't even like dirty movies? My new boyfriend Joshua.
It's the theme from Good Will Humping.
I cannot believe that after ten years, you do not know ONE thing about me.
That's what it seemed like.
Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don't want you to feel like you can't tell me things.
I don't think I should say.
Oh, I know... I still have my old key! We can just unlock the door.
Please let me stay on this side of the door.
Well hello! So, when are we gettin' back out on the water matey?
Hey.
Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
Yeah.
OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
What? What? What?! You guys knew? You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Okay get your coat! Oh! When did you unhook this? Nice work!
Okay I understand. I wouldn't want to be proved wrong either.
Hey, you know, before you said that nothing could happen between us? What changed?
Thank you.
What, slept together a year and a half ago? Yeah, I'm all set.
Just figured, 'cause you and Ross are...
And he didn't want you guys to know about it but I came over here to tell you!!
Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof!
Hello! Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! It's Chandler.
Right.
No, he told me. He prefers to leave certain things to the imagination.
Yeah right.
O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay?
Yowzah!!!
And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
But my... but my boss cannot see me. I'm interviewing for another job.
I'm sorry. That's always mr Campbell's table.
Hey, honey! What's the matter? Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Hey, maybe they meant to write, 'Quiet, bitch.'
I'm hoping that if she hears it enough it will be her first word.
Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...
That's your new job, day and night, she starts crying I need you here.
Say what?
I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes!
Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss.
Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if you didn't go after her.
Bye, Emma-Wemma-Demma.
Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that?
It's not bad.
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Fill this out and bring it back to me.
Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
Oh good, you're all up.
Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Ok, thanks Pheebs Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
Ok, um, we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.
Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your mouth.
Yowsa!
OH! Alright, you know what? That's it! I want my share of the tickets !
Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
Okay honey, you can finish this later we're gonna be late. We gotta go.
...in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon. Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.
It's okay! It's okay! It kicked once, it'll kick again!
Ohh!
A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?!
No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Wait a minute, you're only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?
It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
Ok, let's work from the top down! Just work the bra, Joe!
Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier?
Ok, not that you need it but good...GOD!Is that Chase Lassiter?He's straight, right?
Oh, wish me luck!
Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Uh-huh!
Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!!
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to step aside, Miss.
Oh, and Monica gets to keep her? In her house? I am so jealous!
Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know, with the woman coming out of the frame.
I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
Well it's not flexed right now!
Joey, come on! It doesn't matter, you know, it's not like anything's gonna happen.
Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?
Oh it... good! Yeah, but I'm not gonna hear from that for a couple of days.
I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?
Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks!
Wow, this is really soft . Three hundred and fifty dollars?
Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left.
Ok, I've got one. Wow, those things almost never come true.
You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights.
Yeah? Are you sure, really.
Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box!
How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale's?
Yeah.
This bench, it's hollow! I can't believe I never knew that! Oh, the presents!!!
What?
Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid of us??
I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!
Oh Amy, don't cry Amy. Um.. Ross, could I talk to you in private?
Oh. I was so looking forward to this. It was going to be such a beautiful Thanksgiving. We were going to have sushi.
Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I'm okay.
I know if you were getting married I'd feel, kinda..... y'know.
Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it...
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Wow! Have you ever rescued anyone from a burning building before?
Vince is a fireman.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. Would you stay here with me for a little while?
Good night.
Joey, you're gonna have to stop rushing me, you know what? You don't get any dessert.
Rachel, there you are! Come on, let's serve that dessert already!
OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?
Rach, I know her pretty well, can I go? That's fine.
Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn't show up!
Sure. Do you need some floss?
Alright! Let's just do it. Let's just go over there and see if she heard.
We're teeth people Zack!
It's okay. Sometimes, things don't work out the way you'd thought they would.
Oh, Rachel, I'm-I'm sorry.
Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
Nice try.
Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were insanely jealous of him.
See? I told you something good would come along. And he seemed really nice. I've met him before?
What? No! It's not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
Yeah may-maybe you don't tell anyone about this.
And your lap does not count! Okay? Come on help me move this.
Rach, there is a decent place to...
It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken. Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.
Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found?
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
I'm Monica's maid of honor. Okay? Don't try to blue pin me!
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Well, don't look at me! My hair's straight! Straight! Straight! Straight!
Well someone does.
We're just really...very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
Oh, thank you! What's going on?
No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Oh, great. This is just...
Well, I've been up since six. Thanks to somebody's dumb-ass rooster.
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don't get.
What contracts?
Oh God. What about you, Joe? What would you give up, sex or food?
Oh my God. It's like Sophie's Choice.
I will wake you up in a way that's proved very popular in the past.
Yeah.
So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . .
Goodnight.
Okay... Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree and Evelyn?
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll?
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
Still no luck.
Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don't we Ben?
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were gonna get away with that?
Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.
I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.
What?
Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant.
Was she happy you gave her the job?
Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
Really?!
Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
We?
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Oh, Very funny... Joey. Chandler: So, how did you enjoy the play?
Gotcha.
What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Your own boat?
I don't know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it'll die.
What is it?!
So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room.
Yeah.
Oh, come on, miss, isn't there any way that you can just let me off...
Try to understand!
No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
: Thank you. : I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
OK, here you go. Good luck.
Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
Well, I don't know, you guys figure it out, I got to put Emma down for a nap.
Yeah. What are we gonna do?
I don't know. What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or...
Oh he's dusting me with a fossil brush. He thought it would be funny.
What's Ross doing to you on that picture?
Well that-y'know it's just uh, I've never done that before. Me and him alone.
What's the matter?
You know the book says that whenever she's sleeping I should be sleeping so...
What?
Oh, that's what this is all about? Did you bring her up here to get back at me?
When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?
I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny.
What?
Yeah so get ready to hear alot of ehm...boohaki, goshdarnit and brotherpucker.
Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her.
No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Hey.
Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
What did he say?
Oh. Well then, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
I didn't order lemonade.
Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! Come on little girl, hi!
Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you're never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
I ah... Oh! I'll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!
No!
Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite.
Really? From who?
Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who's had a baby. Like your mom?
We just want you to think it through.
Okay please, you're kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
No! It was marked confidential I just sent it down to Human Resources.
Joey, is this that thing that you do when you say you're bad so I'll give you a compliment?
Well, I'm feeling really insecure about the one we are shooting tomorrow...
Now that you're on you're own, you're free to look as stupid as you like.
Right.
Wha!? What!? Come on! I found the hardware store all by myself!
You're a pig. And you can't do this.
No, you're right. Well, we'll find something. Let's just get you out of that. Come on.
That won't go with this dress though.
Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Lucky sixes....
What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Well, I guess now we can't go.
Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time.
Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.
Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Are you kidding? I love that guy! Morning's here! Morning is here-
But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister in a dungeon!
I can't believe you married him.
No, y'know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
Miracle!
Hi! I'm Rachel. This is Phoebe. I'm the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
Hmm, y'know there's another word for people like that. Losers!
Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
YOU KNOW?!!!
No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave? What should I have?
Thanks. Oh.
No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.
Do-do you, do you have brothers?
Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
Put all my money in me.
And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times restaurant?
Yeah...
Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive when you're asleep.
Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
No, I'm just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it's trifle time!
Really?
Oh, stop that! Don't kid about that! Will all the stars be there?
Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I'm taking to the awards.
I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had!
Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?
Still I could tell. She was into me. Well, why don't you set us up?
Alright, look, I have to go. I love you, and I will call you the minute I get to Paris.
Oh, honey, I'm sure there's nothing wrong with the plane.
Ross, she still has not noticed that the baby's sock is on the ground.
Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
Rach?
Yeah, Rachel. And this is Ross' sister, Monica. We met at Thanksgiving. .
Aren't you...?
Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
Why? Did you write it?
I don't know, y'know? I feel a little umm... No, y'know what? Nevermind, I'm gonna be fine.
You okay over there?
Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
I swear, whatever I was doing, I was always thinking of you.
God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
So what?! Y'know what? The way I see it--Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Really?! 'Cause y'know that hurts.
Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
I'm still on "no."
And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow?
Oh, god, I am so spoiled... That's it!
Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Excuse me?
All right, y'know what, come on, do we really have to watch this while we eat?
Why would he turn off the TV?
Man, don't be surprised if her hands and her feet get bigger too!
your ass?!?!?
Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!!
I can't imagine why.
Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
...And boogie!
Oh we were, but that was just a , I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.
Don't worry about it, I just didn't realize you were married.
Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you.
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
What-what is it, what is it?
Uh... You didn't propose to me, Chandler didn't propose to me, but Joey did.
Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
Well, I didn't see Joshua last night, but I did punch a girl in the face.
So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.
You've seen my huge stack of porn right?
Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over...
Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Yeah, well, I guess I have forgotten about Joey and clearly you've forgotten about Chandler!
I guess you have forgotten all about Joey?
Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up.
All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started!
What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Oh hell, he's done this three times! He knows what its about!
Oh...
Yes, you did-Oh my God you didn't! Well then why didn't you tell me that before?!
No, I didn't!
Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, what would happen exactly.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
Hello? Uh, Rachel. Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!
Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did.
Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building.
So Rachel, your mom tells me you changed your major again.
Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
Mom, I'll call you later. Yeah. Yes?
Oh my God! Calling from Rome! Bon giorno, caro mio.
Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
I just y'know, I didn't expect him to be this happy so soon. Ufff. Ooo-ooh!
So?
And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!
Exactly!
Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great. It's certainly the easier choice...
You're excited, right?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y'know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Oh. Yeah?
Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
ah ha ha. ah ha ha. It's forty five.
Yeah, well you know what I cannot believe. That my so-called sister, gets a 30% discount from Ralph Lauren and I still have to pay retail.
Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
Ohh, I don't think so.
Oh, I am, my side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
What? Honey.
And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Careful! They haven't quite taken yet.
Yeah, when we're in the audience he doesn't talk to us, but he does wave.
Look, Ross, really it's-it's no big deal. Y'know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can't be friends at work, then so be it. Y'know, hey I understand. Y'know? Hey, when I'm in a play and you're in the audience, I don't talk to you, right? So it's y'know, it's uh, it's cool. I'll see you tomorrow.
Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. Hey, Mr. Trib.
Oh, like, uh, five minutes?
I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
How could you lose him?
Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris.
Well, I hope you're gonna bid on some things Rachel.
Monica, y'know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
It's all everybody at the party could talk about!
No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
That's great! Wow man, so Joey must've really taught you some stuff huh?
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now?
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce?
That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
This is the worst date ever. How could you set me up with this creep?
Hey, Rach!
Look, you know what, I'm sorry, but did you really think that this was going well? What's up?
Oh my god, this is the worst date ever!
Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.
Ohh, what's wrong?!
Well yeah, I wish that you would. Well, no it's not in there! How about that drawer?
Do you want me to check again?
Ok Sexy, sexy, very sexy, sexy. Alright! Lets do it!
Uh!
Do you guys have to go to the new house right away, or do you have some time?
Oh, it's gonna be okay.
Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune!
Damn! It's empty!
Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Uh, I like to, uh, to add something to that...
Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
What happened?
Hey you guys, this is my sister Amy. This is Chandler, Joey, Phoebe and you know Mon.
Hi, hey.
Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more.
You'd wait?
Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
No, but it's good, you know, I'm gonna take some time off and do some charity work.
Yeah, a box full of your desk stuff doesn't exactly say big promotion.
Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. If-if you get me something from the car.
Ahh, I just have one problem left that I do not know how to solve. Uhh, Rachel maybe you want to come upstairs and help me figure it out?
Oh Ross, come on. He's happily married. His wife just had twins.
Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?
All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain't gonna happen!
Got me.
Okay, I'm just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
All right.
Yeah! Yeah. They're...they're-they're my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
I don't know. Are they Greek Orthodox?
What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
Alright, great. Thanks a lot. I'm going to tap class.
Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light.
I bet I stopped listening before you did.
Alright, I can't, I can't wait that long. You have to do something-knock that door down!
Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Pheebs, I don't know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.
Yeah!
Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Move! Move! Emergency! Excuse me!
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Oh, you guys. This was an amazing night. Thank you so much. I love you. Good night.
Huh?
Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Wow, he's cute, Pheebs! But I thought you just started dating that Kindergarten teacher.
Okay.
She'll be out in a second. So, Chip, how's umm, Amy Welch?
So ah, Monica ready yet?
Oh, nothing, he's just goofy like that, I actually, hardly notice it anymore.
So ah, what's wrong with him?
Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go.
Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on?
And starting to think about settling down!
Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen!
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
What?! Why?!
Well you know, after about thirty or forty fights, you kinda catch on.
Okay, so you both just know this stuff?
Oh, you guys, I can't believe this. But I'll leave now, or I'm gonna miss my plane.
Yeah! Ooh, we could teach them to sing, and we can be like the Von Trapp family! Only without the Nazis. Although that sounds kinda dull.
Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out?
Yeah, well, it would've been, but uh, my parents just moved here.
And I still have about five seconds to spare. Okay, that was about seven seconds.
Rachel!! Wow! You, uh, you look, wow!
All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it!
Let go!
Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Hey, someone order a coat?
Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!
Sometimes, you should come over sometime! I'll play you one of my other...
Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
Okay Joey, we're luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham?
Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side.
Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
No, I haven't seen him.
You and your stupid fear. I hate your fear. I would like to take you and your fear....
You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear.
I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
And you didn't marry him because...?
Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. Hey, what's up?
I can do that!
Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Better not be doin' these in order.
Amy, that's what I was supposed to wear today, that's why I hung it on the door.
Yeaah.
Well excuse me, my fashion-impaired friends, I am here to tell you that hats are back.
Buy it for ya, or win it for ya?
Now, come on, come on, Steve. There must be something that you like about yourself.
It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not funny, I live in a studio apartment with two other guys, and I'm pretty sure I'm infertile.
Do you really not know where I'm going with this? It left! It's one huge room!
Yeah?
Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here!
All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this.
Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn't want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Yes.
...we went back the house and we got really silly and we...we made out.
Yeah?
Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I'm sorry the models are actually down the hall.
Hello?
It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay!
All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. Where is that other earring?
Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Yeah, well, I had a great time with you.. I just can't stand your friends.
Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about!
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Oh! Shoot! Damn it! Where is it? Oh! Oh! I found it! I found it!
I'm so lucky I married you.
Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. Umm, so you like it?
Huh. Yeah?
Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her.
No, I haven't.
Then you're not gonna like what's coming. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you, thank you.
I should tell you that crying women make me very uncomfortable.
Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
Oh man.
Well, I'm really sick of your smoking, so I brought something that is going to help you quit.
Okay, that's like the least fun game ever.
Okay, my boss, Joanna, when you left, she started asking questions about you...
Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase.
Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
I'm training to be better at a job that I hate, my life officially sucks.
And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Oh, uhm, excuse me, I'm here to see my father. My name is Rachel Green.
Great! This baby'd better to be really good.
I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.
Shh!
Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it?
Sure! It flushes it.
No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
Did you find the dress?
Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't mind that she's haunted.
But it's an original Buffay...
But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Okay, fine! But you know what? If I was in 36D, we would not be having this problem.
Madame, you must have your boarding pass..
All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug?
Um-hmm.
Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
Wow!
Okay. Okay. It's-since you've never done it before you can be Monica's made of honor.
And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. Oh I guess that was it.
Here we go. I'm serving my last cup of coffee. There you go. Enjoy.
Oh, God bless us, everyone.
Yeah! And she's comforted by him because she loves her uncle Joey so much.
It does?
Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Y'know what? I think we can just leave it at that. It's kinda like a symbolic gesture...
Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut...
He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Well, thanks anyway.
You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
JOEY!!!!!!
Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!
Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news!
Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
Uh, okay.
Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.
Uh, Rach... I think I have something that belongs to you.
Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
On Melanie Griffith in "Working girl". I think what you want is over here.
So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think those would be?
No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! What is the matter with you guys?
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
No! Seven rats! I think we should take them home, we need feed them.
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Joey relax! My mother picked her up two hours ago. You were there!
Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
No-no-no, no, honey please, I've got, I've just have so much to deal with.
What, do you, well umm, oh how about I come up there?
Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
So?
No. No, not at all, not at all. I actually was gonna bring someone myself, so...
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
Yeah.
Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
Okay, will you just go help her change please!
So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Mm.
So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!
I guess so.
No I wasn't! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
You were supposed to tell her!
I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
That doesn't seem fair.
Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We're not finished with the lesson yet.
What are they doing out here? The coast's all the way over there.
Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Yes you do, if you're going to make me feel guilty for getting a free massage!
I don't have to tell you everything!
I'm going to find out if he really thinks supermodels are too skinny. Hey, Pheebs!
Where ya going?
Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
What?
Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
What did you say?!
Okay, see now, what I just heard, blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, blah-blah-blah, blah, blah.
First of all it's Professor Pittain! And second of all, that little bone, proved that, that particular dinosaur had wings, but didn't fly.
Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Oh that's not true.
Yeahh, but, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants?
Okay, okay, okay, the black. But, oh, do you have black, with the little strappys?
Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside...
Oh yes, there you are.
Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Corino's.
Sure.
Oh, it is so unfair. It's like that time they promoted Sandra over me at work.
Oh, so sorry man! Sorry!
Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown up.
Why does everyone keep saying that?
Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. I have a date with Danny.
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
That oughta do it.
Thanks for lunch, Chandler. Y'know, you didn't have to walk me all the way back up here.
Hey.
Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she's difficult, but I think it's really good that she's here.
Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don't need that kind of talk in my house!
Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda!
Okay!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
No! Of course we can wait. Alright, so I guess that means good night then?
I know, I know..., but that's okay. I mean, we can control ourselves, we're not animals.
Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
Well, just because it happened that way for them doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us.
I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don't have either.
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while.
Ok, that's me.
You WHAT? And I missed it? Because I was giving a makeover to that stupid hippie?
Guess what? I made Emma laugh today.
Man in the black dress... Hi! I'm Rachel! I'm a friend of Monica and Chandler's!
He is the man in the black dress.
Sorry!! I just feel bad about all that sleep you're gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Hey!!
Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Hummus. I got the hummus.
She spit up. Judy! She spi...Judy! Look alive, Judy! Thank you.
What?
Well lets see. Maybe he knows where Ross is. Hey, how's it going .
I KNOW!
Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Ohh-oh, wasn't he cheating on you with her?
What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
Oh, I couldn't eat now.
No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Yeah it is, mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do.
Good for you.
Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
No.
No! Come on! Don't make me go long. Use me. They never cover me.
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.
Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
What? I can't do that! I have the baby, and Ross is not gonna pick her up for another hour.
Good, because it's in ten minutes.
Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Done.
She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday...
Well when can we have this shower?
Ohh... I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?
I know, they're gonna be so happy together.
Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.
Yeah.
Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Well, you more then me, but he can't stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby.
Is he still mad at us?
Oh my God, I can't believe this is a real $20,000 check, oh this is just so exciting.
I'm not gonna go out with him.
Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin' around the house.
Well, we're starving, why don't we all go get something to eat?
Well, actually Gunther sent me. You're not allowed to have cups out here, it's a thing.
No, I know, I'm just nervous. Y'know it's just y'know Mom's dead, don't talk to my sister, Grandma's been sleeping a lot lately. It's like the last desperate chance to have a family, y'know, kinda thing. You're so sweet to wait with me.
Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Still, I was quick as a cat.
Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling 'Myron, get off!'
You slept out here?
Oh no-no, no! It's good! It's all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
So last I heard you were gonna get married. Oh poor Ray-ray.
Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess you should get to stay here.
Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you'll have to think of something else.
But if...
Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.
No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Already?!
No? Y'know, I can tie one of these into a knot using just my tongue.
Oh, no thanks.
Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
Well, you're not.
Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
I'll have whatever Christine is having.
Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one of those couples that never have sex.
Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
All right, believe me.If you win the lottery, it's the last you're gonna hear from us!
There's the man I married!!
Ok, great, because I gotta get out of here, the smell of beets is killing me!
Sure!
Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph.
You know what... these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Honey, he's about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I'm just sorry we don't got popcorn.
Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?
: So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
I'm good.
Ross, this is not how we wanted you to find out about this. You have every right to go nuts.
No, no!
Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Well, let's see. The first one is: I don't want to. And, you know, I'm not going.
Oh, what were the other two?
Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon.
Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Come on, Rach.
Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
Right there! That's my car! Hey!!
Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
Oh no.
So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be!
Okay.
Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? : Did you bring the mail?
Hey.
Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
You know, Ross, just keep making your jokes. How are you gonna feel if we actually do win?
You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie will come out if we rub this lamp! Ah!! That thing gets hot!!
I'm just gonna go in my office and pick up some stuff . Who the hell are you!?
Yeah, after you punched that one guy who got it wrong, word spread.
What do you get? Emily!! Emil-Whoa!! Okay! So that's me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum!
Y!
Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
That was good.
I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.
Hey!
Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can't! I can't do it! It's just gonna freak me out!!!
I mean after tomorrow night.
Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly!
Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake.
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Behind you?
You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.
Then uh, what's-what's this?
I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out... Anything we want.
Okay.
I love him. He's so pretty I wanna cry! I don't know what to do. Tell me what to do.
What about him?
Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi.
Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt?
No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice.
Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute.
You don't have the guts.
Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
For what?
Look Benny, spoon. Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Hey-hey, I'm not judging.
No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
I don't know why Joey had to kiss her! I mean, of all the girls at the party, GOD!
Yes, she is this new professor of my department that I did not kiss.
I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!
Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.
Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
I know. I know. Oh God. There's no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Yeah, but you've got to pull yourself together! Monica can't see you like this! Then she'll know something's wrong!
I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Hello, baby. Hello, hello.
Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Don't answer that.
Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Ehh!!
Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
For what?
Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.
He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Nope.
Look-look-look-look-look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
You got it.
No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! Ok. Aha! You like that huh?
Ok, you're scaring me a little bit.
Oh yeah. There is a plan! Why don't I just start taking my smart pills now?
Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
Uh, I'm just, I'm just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?
What are you doing here?
Well, I assume I'll have to take showers with him, but y'know, that's true of any job.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?
Uh actually, I'd like to speak with both of you.
Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
Honey I made a reservation at China Garden, is that okay?
Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.
I didn't even think about that! Aaargh, sexual politics!!
Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to--
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Because it's Richard's son! It's like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Why is it sick?
Hello? Yeah, this is she. Oh! You're kidding! You're kidding! Oh thank you! I love you!
It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.'
Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok?
Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping.
Oh no! No! It's actually-it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! Yeah, do you want it?
Eew! It's creepy looking!
Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
: Really? : Sure, we have scones left! : OK, read them to me.
Lots of responses.
Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn't have poppy seed bagels, so I... Oh my word!
Rachel, could you come in here for a moment, please?
Oh, hi! I would check your hand but... I'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease!
I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue.
Yeah! I'm a big fan! Of the movies, you know. Motion pictures. The Talkies!
You've seen all the movies...
Why? Is he? He is! Isn't he? He's dating that slut in marketing!
So you wouldn't mind if he was dating someone else?
Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!
What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.
Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
These are her earrings.
Yeah, but umm... Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right?
Fonzie met Mork. Mork froze Fonzie.
Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Monica! I couldn't find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!
What, that little thing at the prom?
Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
Well, how can you be a tour guide, don't you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it.
You don't clean the cappuccino machine?
All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
Yeah.
Alright. Now that I'm back, why don't you just fill me in on what you've been up to?
Pants off Bing!
Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
No, I would see you looking embarrassed because they are not on my desk!
Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and...
Okay, but that would actually be a big step down for me.
Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
You guys, there's a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name Julio.
Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
No, I hate cats.
Oh, y'know what you should get 'em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
If someone wants to give us a present, we don't want to deprive them of that joy.
Okay, Pheebs, can I ask? So, hes going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Yeah. Its just, you know, its this whole stupid Ursula thing, its...
Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. Thief.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Now?
Oh, Monica made me send her to my mother's. Apparently babies and weddings don't mix.
Where is Emma?
Hey! Hey! Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
What else do they add smell too?
Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be appropriate to give me this.
That bad?
Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Ewww!
Thank you. Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Sure! Here.
Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!!
Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I'm gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come?
Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it.
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me.
What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
That's closer.
Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
No! Wait! No, no. Don't do that! That's going to make them think they can come over here.
Oooh. Let's do. Let's send them mashed potatoes.
Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not get old.
Gladys?
Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Well, let's see. There was a really big guy that I was talking to, with the really nice breasts...
Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
You owe me a cat.
Well, he doesn't really love her. I mean, it's just a rebound thing from me.... You'll see!
Oh-no.
Well, he's coming from Jersey, he said he would get here as fast as he could!
Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!
There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Should I be concerned that a button fell off the old Hugsy and I can't find it?
Make the transfer!
Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Um, that's ok! Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
Uh-huh.
Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning.
What are we gonna do? I'm starving.
Everything's ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater.
How's your room Rach?
Ok, Ross, what's going on here, are we just bringing strange women back to the apartment now?
We'll see.
Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
So you know, I...I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.
Uhh-huh.
I did!! I watched! I watched! I watched Monica bang his head against that thing!
I know! I'm saying you have to watch them all the time.
So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Hey!
Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Hey!
Oh, hi. I have a massage appointment under Rachel Green, and here is my gift certificate.
Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa SPA. How may I help you?
Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Rach, have you never done this before?
Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... ... oh, the foot of the bed.
Come on.
Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom.
Ohh.
Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Sorry I'm late, what's up?
Yeah, it is. Yeah, you know, it's tough. Single mom, career... You gotta get out there.
That's great!
I'm serious, I really, I think I need just to have some...meaningless, sex y'know, with the next guy that I see.
You're so bad!
All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.
Be-caaauuuse...
No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
No dear. It's not.
Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
Honey, honey, I'm sorry, I know it's our anniversary but I told you on the phone I don't have time to stop.
Yeah, but I got cous-cous!
I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don't think that's just a little funny?!
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
Whoa! Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much.
Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, are too much!
All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Honey um, honey, you do realise that we don't keep the women's lingerie here in the office?
Oh, that's-that's okay, no problem.
Y'guys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the beauty salon?
Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
You got a job?
Can you not look at me when I say this? I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Well, what was supposed to happen?
Maybe it's not as bad as I think. Y'know, maybe they didn't take it the way I meant it.
What happened? I'm just eating candy.
Nooo Way! The most romantic song ever is The Way We Were.
I have to say Tupolo Honey by Van Morrison.
Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Yeah! Rach?
I can't let him go out that way, he's got a meeting. You've got something here on your back.
What?
Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've got a baby over here.
I love you too.
Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary? I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Um... my... father.
Thanks! I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
This is a great place. How long have you lived here?
Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by mistake, and one of mine is missing.
Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination?
Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy.
Phoebe, come on, I don't wanna waste it! It would be like throwing away a hundred bucks!
And she wants to go hunting, too!!
Ross, um, don't forget to get a shot of Emma's cake. It's in a box in the fridge.
Ok, cut! Great. That was... that was just... yeah!
Alright, now I really have to go. Okay. Au revoir! Oh, they're gonna really hate me over there.
Neither will I.
No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross.
But you guys came so close.
Okay, well keep in mind that by the time you're done, they'll probably be serving dinner.
I guess so. I'm just... really nervous.
Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Mmmmm.
Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Okay, okay. Umm, well ah, maybe he, maybe he feels awkward because you are my boss.
Sophie, would you please climb out of my butt. Why hasn't he called, Rachel? Why?
Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it.
I'm gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it.
No, wait. No there's gotta be something else that you can do. I mean, what skills do you have?
No, no, you're right. Who am I kidding? I should have hung up that breakaway jockstrap years ago. What am I gonna do? I mean, this has been my life for thirty two years. Taking my clothes off in front of people is all I know.
I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
Hey, what's up?
I don't know! I mean, maybe that's something to do with the fact that I saw him do a love scene yesterday.
What do you think brought than on?
You have not worn that T-shirt since you were 15!! It doesn't even fit you anymore!
I'm-I'm gonna wear this all the time! I love this shirt!!
Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
Do you not remember the puppet guy?
I'm sorry, as I was saying the store number is wrong, and I'm sorry but that's... Oh my God!!
Okay sorry, whew.
Okay. Well that's pretty much all that we have-Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita?
I'm not allowed to have soda.
No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.
Hi, one, uh, mushroom, green pepper and onion?
You know, when two people have a connection, you know, that's... just seems like such a... waste.
Yeah.
Awe! Oh my God! Looks, she's a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push?
See, I told you!
Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Yeah! That's Phoebe. That's Phoebe. You know, she just wants them all! It's like she's a nympho!
It's just that... I don't understand it... I mean, Phoebe likes Joey and then she comes here to buy a dress to impress another guy...?
Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Yeah, but that was different. Y'know? I mean, we were, we were going out then, now I think it's weird.
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don't like guys with boring jobs.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Hah! I found it! I told you I would find it! In your face! You're a different person.
Oh! Shoot! Damn it! Where is it? Oh! Oh! I found it! I found it!
Oh.. yeah? Well unless you pushed a desk out of your vagina, not the same thing.
I decorated Dad's office.
Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen.
Good! Great! You can go first.
Oh god. You've totally messed with the back support of my chair. How do you fix this?
Fine.
Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
One more time from the top... I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other br...
Baby got back.
Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know.
Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything.
Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too!
I think I'm gonna cry!
Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
I'm sorry man.
Except that! Oh, hello, Mr. Zelner. We're all ready for our presentation this afternoon.
How do you fix the chair?
Yeah, my mom got my dad's season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
You have Knicks tickets?
Yeah I don't think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her.
You're just new at this, it'll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn't have been easy but you figured that out.
No Monica! I'm serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Okay. Okay fine, y'know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
No! Coins hate me!
All right, y'know what? I-I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Honey, you're not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.
No!
Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
All right, what's goin' on?
Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine".
I can't do that.
Oh, Phoebe, are you still on hold? I was supposed to call my Dad back like two hours ago.
Noo! Oh, it's okay, it's okay, baby, baby, baby.
OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card . "From Gavin"
Well, let me explain how birthday parties usually work. There are presents, and a cake, perhaps a fourth or fifth person. Ok, I ... got you the present to make up for being such a jerk to you earlier.
Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat.
I thought you wanted to adopt your cat.
Yeah, I know, go long. Y'know, it's like all I'm doing is running back and forth from the huddle.
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Well y'know what they say, the 23rd time's the charm. Aww, look at you all handsome!
All right! I found one that fits!
Im okay! Im okay! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please?
Oh-my-god Rachel! Rachel!
No, come on, I'm totally ok. I don't need you to come! I can totally handle this on my own.
Ok, ok. I'm gonna come out to Long Island with you, I mean, you can't be alone right now.
Well I assume the ah, happy couple isn't up yet. Did you guys hear them last night?
After he passed out, we put the sand around him to keep him warm.
You think I trust you with it?! No! We're gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
Oh yes! Oh yes!
Well, wait a minute, you're the boss! Why don't you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
And thank you, for that.
Oh! See just I'm right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks!
I know! I know!
Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
Come where?
Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Ohh, here you are. I was looking for you before. Joshua's gone so you and Emily are free to go.
Okay.
Wha... My resume? I wouldn't... I wouldn't call my online dating profile a resume.
So... your resume is quite impressive.
Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o'clock position.
What?! What does he want?! I wasn't doing anything!
In the future, when a girl asks for some ill-advised sympathy sex... just do it.
There it is...
Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she'd still be with us-nothing about an assistant buyer?
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! No! Not in there! He's in there!
You and your ice.
Guys, you're not gonna believe this! I was just saying goodnight to Emma and she said her first words!!
Check your numbers! Make me rich!
I don't understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a 'big, dull dud.'
What is she doing here?
Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok.
Ok, do you have any ideas for any openers?
Oh, yeah, ok. Let me just grab my night vision goggles and my stun gun.
Ok. Quick. We gotta find a cab and follow them.
No! You guys can't leave yet! You have to stay, we-we got the whole big thing planned!
Uhh, yeah, I think I'm going to take-off too.
Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
Okay.
Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional.
Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing.
Oh, okay. Uhh, well let's see. You're about-well uh, this one is large. And this one-
Gloves. Brown, leather dress gloves.
Wow, Ikea... what a rich culture. Uhm, you know what? I have a friend who is a masseuse.
"Ipan Stripan, Glupi Glabi! " And that is the Swedish National Anthem! Thank you for asking!
Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I'm gonna wake her up.
You know that's... that's her.
Yeah. So don't move, okay? Just stay here and... maybe close your blinds at night.
You know, sometimes when I'm alone in my apartment, I look over here and you guys... are just having dinner or... watching TV or something, but... it makes me feel better. And now when I look over, who am I gonna see? The Gottliebs, the Yangs? They don't make me feel so good.
I dunno. Y'know to me he'll always be "Jack Geller, walks in while you're changing."
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it's making me look at him totally differently. Y'know, I mean he used to be just, y'know "Jack Geller Monica and Ross's dad" and now he's he's "Jack Geller, dream hunk."
Ross, what are you talking about? oh! Oh my God! They put my baby's face on a penis!
Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties?
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I'm soo happy!
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Oh Emma. This is going to be your first Thanksgiving. What are you thankful for? Mommy's bobbies.
Yeah. Ross and Rachels Apartment.
Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
Rachel, listen-I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it!
And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
I think I just shipped 3,000 bras to personnel. Oh honey, I gotta go. Mark, I need you!
What?
Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can-you have so crossed a line.
Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Thank you. Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?
All right. All right, I'll do it.
...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
Uh, no. Wait, you know what, this is the outfit that makes my calves look fat. Nevermind.
Rach, did you check the machine?
Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat".
It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money.
Oh, you're not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph Lauren called, and gave me my job back!
Ok.
Well, we're not here to meet guys. You have a boyfriend, I have a b. . . baby and a Ross.
So? What if they do?
Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
What?! Over a stupid room!
I found him! Very funny, come here! That is exactly why I've come here to talk to you okay?
Gotcha!!
Yeah. Just, if it's possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Oh, really?!
Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're making it so easy on me and Emma.
Fifth day's a charm.
Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Me too. Rachel.
What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Okay, that's it, I can't take it anymore.
There's been a teeny-teeny change in plans. It turns out that I'm not free tonight. So...
Thank goodness.
OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow...
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Are you kidding? Eight hours with my mother talking about Atkins? Good luck, Emma!
Wow, eight hour flight with a one-year old? Good luck, mom.
Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Miss? May I help you?
Okay you're right. I'll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Let's see. Oh my God! Oh... But no! No! You can't-you can't hire him, because that-it's not professional. Umm, this is for me yes? Thanks.
No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
They didn't fight a lot?
And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."
Okay.
Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
No.
Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.
Okay.
No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Are you talking about having sex?
Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Yeah, I locked him years ago!
That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
Huh?
That's your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let's-let's just have a look-see here.
That's it. That's my whole name.
Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you.
That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
Y'know, bonus night. Y'know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
A what?
I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm...
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Y'know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
I'm telling you, you never gave them to me.
Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
Oh my God! How bad was it?
...I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
In Human Resources!!!!!!
Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- Oh! Who is it?
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Yeah, yeah. Phoebe and I are going to have so much fun. And thank you for watching the baby, by the way.
Oh right, right. So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma?
Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Joey, Emma's right here! You promised not to bring girls home in the middle of the day anymore.
Hey, look who's here! It's Joey, and he brought home a friend.
Oh, y'know, it's just like hats, and a shirt, and CD's, just sort of stuff that you've left here.
What?!
I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.
Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.
Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic.
Wow! Somebody wants people to know you have a boyfriend.
Yeah.. yeah right.. Remember in high school when I died and didn't give you my baby?
You know.. this.. this is classic Rachel.
Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like...
Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there.
Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. Only $98.50 to go.
Huh?
He didn't turn me down! He's at the game isn't he? I got the date, I'm just not on it!
So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I'm looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!
Umm, no.
Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out too! He couldn't even undo my bra!
You didn't like that?
Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking all day about that scene you did, I mean, you were amazing!
Hey!
Well, that shouldn't be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to...
Okay, hold on. Okay.
Do you think it's possible for two friends to fool around and... and not have it be a big deal?
Yeah.
Oh, really, well Ross, you know what? I am a big girl. I don't need someone telling me what is best for me.
Hey, I was looking out for you.
And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Yeah?
Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
I was saving you.
Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter.
Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
I am not a baby! You know what? I swear to god, just because you get so uptight every time we...
I said we are not going to do it, okay? Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
I, I didn't say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear. He stopped by.
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy!
1...2! Y'know what? You're young; you probably don't have glaucoma.
No, she left a message. But it-it kinda got erased. There's just something wrong with your machine.
You talked to her?
Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Yeah!
Oh honey, I'm sorry we can't help you there, 'cause we're cuddlily sleepers. Okay, I'm late for work.
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
"Well, should we just continue to live together and not really tell each other how we're really feeling?"
"Yeah." "Me neither."
Yeah Melissa, I don't want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor.
Hey! Isn't that Tag's backpack.
Is the window open? Because if there's a window open, a bird could fly in there.
You never cooked since 1996.
God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.
Oh, you're welcome for the party. I'm glad you're having a good time.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to call you back, I've got a Schemp in my office. What are you doing?
Okay, that's a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? ..Ross?
Yeah.
I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
What, uh... what were you thinking?
Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
Is this guy, uhh, an old boyfriend?
Let me just get this straight! So I go have a baby and they send some guy in to do my job?
Alright, but you have to do one sometime.
Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
Yeah.
Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Oh, I know. Hey, y'know what we never did? Oh no, not that. We uh, we never had bonus night!
Way to go guys. Y'know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
All right, let's get this party started, huh? Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us.
O K.
No? All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Wait-wait a minute; that doesn't make any sense.
No. Ross: Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? Ross: I'm smarter than him!
And I can't stop you.
Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't... Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula!
You sick bastards!
I did the first time! Oh. Oh.. And you know what. You want to know why I'm not giving Emily to you.
Oh. Yeah. Well.. You didn't come see me when I was in the hospital when I was getting my lips done.
So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It's just so frustrating!
Hey!
Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
Then I got all needy and clingy.
Yeah but-but-but you liked me! Oh my God, I can't believe this, all this time, I liked you and you liked me!
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
"Pheebs, can't make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." Big Daddy?
Well, I'll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.
Phoebe, if this guy's going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
It's not a club.
Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? I know it's really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
I can't believe you bought this.
That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
So why don't you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Yeah!!
Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
You're on the phone!
Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
Hi.
See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
You don't mind? Well, what do you know, it fits!
Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh... ...fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
Okay, I'm up! I'm up!
I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
Hi.
Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Umm...
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
I can't seem to say goodbye.
Hey... Hi you guys! Listen, you know what? I'm not feeling really well. I think I can't get out for the play.
And I don't know if you've noticed but she's a HOTTY!! HI!
I don't know... maybe it's because she has got such callousy fingers from playing crummy guitar...
Uhu, uhu... and why do you think that is?
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry, but I need to get off the plane, okay? I need to tell someone that I love love them.
Miss? Please, sit down!
Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here?
May I help you?
No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything-minute. Okay. Fine. Abort the plan, abort the plan.
Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?
Ok. So now, I think Emma is probably down for the night, but if you need anything Ross . . .
Oooh. Girl's night out indeed.
well, now, wait a second, who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" person?
Hah, no no no no no no no no no no.
I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!
Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Something to remember me by!
I know, I know, and you were right Ross. You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again!
Did she do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her!
Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? Good luck, Rach.
Rachel didn't you just light that?
Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Well, those were seals, man.
Why not? I don't want to do this alone! And he's such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.
You can't marry him!
Um look I was thinking.. If its ok with Monica I would like to invite Amy to Thanksgiving.
Sure, you want to go upstairs?
Oh! Right! Yeah! Hold on, I'll be just clean up in here a little bit! Hello Gavin.
I heard you were sick...
Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
That's the surprise!
Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
You know what? We should call my mum's house and say goodnight to Emma before she goes down.
Guys, the drawing is about to start!
No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you're alone, alone. And I just-it's just not the time for us. I'm sorry.
You're alone.
Oh no-no, no-no, they don't want you to put your hands in the pockets until you are out of the store.
Man, I could really flash somebody in this thing.
Oh my God! Listen to you talkin' about having kids. Oh my Joey. Oh, please don't get married before I do.
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Oh, oh, good.
No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
I swear you said you had the keys.
OH MY GOD!!! Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet.
Good luck!
You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together.
Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
See, there's always one guy. "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes."
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
How... wha... Hey! What are you... What is this? Have you guys been listening this entire time?
Pssst...
Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I've got a deadline, would you just go home, I'll talk to you later.
Don't yell at me okay, this is the most I've seen you all week.
I meant er, young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh good, Rach.
Excuse me?
OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime tour of that button factory?
Yeah...
Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back.
What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
500 bucks at a flea market?!
So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
Thank you. I'm from New York.
Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
Oh, let me see! Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over!
Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."
Oooh... you're sweet, I knew uncle Joey would step up. Look Emma, look who's baaack!
Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.

No...Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it...it has to work out.
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it.
Zelner.
Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do.
I would never do that!
Mira, Mira, el viejo desnudo est haciendo el hula hoop!
Pudo aver sido General Tso!
God, I am so glad you don't have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn't even consider applying.
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?
I'd love that. I would loooove... So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
Umm uh, I'll make some coffee and we can uh, chat.
Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...
Noooo! I'm lying. I am so drunk.
No! Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! You bitch!
Is there a problem?
Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her.
Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Okay, why are you here?
Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on!
We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
You know we were all alone and he was being really nice to me and, oh and he gave me this scarf...
Oh yeah...So how did you end up kissing?
I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick.
Chuck Woolery?
Well isn't it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
Wow! Oh, she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh so proudly?
Oh, my!
Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Okay... Hey listen, just before you go I-I again, I just wanna say "thank you" for coming with me.
So uh... I guess I wanna take off.
Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous or very stingy.
How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
London is stupid! Stupid!
I just finished getting Phoebe all dressed to meet Mike's parents. She's so nervous, it's so sweet!
Hi.
Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Well, alright, then, forget it. Might as well just go home. Ow ow ow ow!
That's insurance fraud.
Look at that woman sitting by the pool getting tan... so leathery and wrinkled, I'm so jealous!
Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating.
Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Cute! This is Janice! You remember Janice?
Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
No, I'm-I'm serious!
Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can't even comfort my own baby! I'm the worst mother ever!
Shh! Nothing works with this child!
No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
Uhh, because I'm trying to play hard to get. Oh, quick he's looking over here, say something funny.
Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there?
She's totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
What?
Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Well, like father, like son.
It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Fish!
That's great. So now, Super Gavin, when I come back where are you planning on flying off to?
Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren't sure what we were gonna do. But then, Gavin to the rescue. Super Gavin!
Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
Like this.
Well, I tried, but then he had a shampoo related emergency. So I guess now it's your turn again.
So, did you err... did you tell Ross?
He's soo lucky, if Janice were a guy, she'd be sleeping with somebody else by now.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Yeah but, maybe it's not what we think. Maybe it's tell Monica I'm sorry I...drank the last of the milk.
Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
That guy, he burns me up.
No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
So-so there is no party.
No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry!
Which is fine! Because you just turned--twenty-eight!
Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Okay, you know what? You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up.
Oh I'm afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.
You guys, you're never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! Look kinda familiar?
Good for you!!
Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
That is what the thing is.
No. Ross, it, it just seems that y'know it's time we-we y'know, move on. I mean, I mean don't' you think?
What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
Oh, yeah, sure, sure, sure, sure. Listen, can we please have lunch the next time I'm in the city?
So, I'll get-get back to my friend.
Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
You did?
Come on, this isn't funny. She thinks it's my fault that you haven't called her. You have to call her!
Oh, well give me the phone then.
Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
OK, this one right here is from me.
Oh sure Ross, yeah. If I have a heart attack in a restaurant, I want you there with your fossil brush.
I know, I mean a PhD is just as good as an MD.
So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.
Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy!
yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
: Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Oh, how well you know me...
Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, I'm still in love with you Ross.
Go ahead.
Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she's the only who's impartial, and she's so pretty.
Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she's even had time to...
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y'know, I'm kinda musical.
OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex...
Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Ross, that was a Halloween costume, unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Look, I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I'm just-Wait a minute. If I'm your maid of honor that means you are Monica's.
Uh-hmm.
Irrational, huh? All right, well, I'll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment!
Good, you don't want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you?
Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
What, no, no, no, mine are deceptively small I mean, I-I-I actually sometimes, st-stuff my bra.
These tiny, little non-breasts?! Please, it's gotta be Rachel.
Oh God! Alright, fine. You know what Joey, forget it. When we go back to New York, I will tell him.
I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge on Chandler.
I wouldn't worry about it. She's always coming up with stuff like this, and you know what? She's almost never right.
Okay, that doesn't sound good.
Yeah! Wait a minute, it's been a long time that I've been single. How come you never offered this before?
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
Yeah.
Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Oh God. You know what? Who you think you are? Who are you to decide what messages I should or should not get?
I don't know.
GIVE ME THE BOOK! Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"?
I would, but you're the last one.
Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Okay. Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.
And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!
Ohh Tag, umm...you're such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don't-I don't...
What's up?
Yeah! I've been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
You could?
You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?"
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack.
Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
No. A break from us.
No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
What?
Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...
Uh-Huh, Which is...?
Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.
Pleased to meet you. So you're coming to Rachel's party tonight?
I don't wanna stand in the way of true love or anything, but I think a cantaloupe might hurt less.
God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do. Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Remember?! We-come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops...
What?
So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece.
Never call me from that phone.
Oh my God, wait did I-I just said Greens don't quit didn't I? Did I just say Greens don't quit?!
Greens? I'm a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Oh well, well thank you. Okay, stop. Stop looking at me like that. The last time that happened, that happened.
Well, well, they're good. It's been a while since I've seen you like this. You, you clean up good.
Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.
All right.
Yeah, it's kinda like a 'good luck on your first day' sort of thing. Is this actually a lunchbox?
Mark is that ah, the same Mark that helped you get the job?
Monica, number one, I don't think Ben understands the concept of bribery, and number two, I... What?!
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming. I'm just gonna throw it out, it's probably just a bunch of shampoo and...
By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.
Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you're interested, just as a thank you for this week.
I'm sorry.
Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I'll go under, you go over!
And there's daddy!
When she sees that you're gone, she's gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I'm gonna get fired!
About what?
Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Did you go home and change?
You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
Yes I would.
Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Oh God, Ross. Ross is going to pick up the phone. Oh, I have to get my number back. Oh my God. He's gone.
Well, you kind of just did. That guy is going to call you tonight. Ross is going to pick up the phone and that's a pretty clear message.
Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? I warned her about those candles.
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell 'em you're not looking for a relationship.
Hey Joey, y'know what? You are way to good for her.
Really?! Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what's-what is-what's your name?
Actually, I'm here about the assistant job.
Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Oh, no-no-no don't you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Wait, we still have time to talk and they're-they're not even in the car yet! Oh look, there they go, okay.
I can't believe this!
Oh well, You know, I think it's kinda really important that I go somewhere where there's sun, so I'm sort of... Hey!
So where are you applying to?
Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she's talking about! I am an excellent driver!
Only way to fly.
Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
She has to know that your not ready.
Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English truffle!
Hey!
Y'know what? Fine, I don't care. Don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Your sister Joan is crazy.
Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
I sure do! And you don't get one!
But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like...
Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven't been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one.
Ok, here, here. There we go.
Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
Oh God, I can't believe you're making such a big deal about this. It was one kiss, one guy, one time!
Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties onthe balcony.
All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it.
No, you don't.
Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Hey.
Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means a lot if you could try to get on board.
Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it.
Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me.
Is this true?
Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Yes it's true.
I didn't have to, because I was wearing my 'I heart Ross' sandwich board and ringing my bell.
Thank you. So did you ah, did you tell Mark Something about me?
Okay. God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment...
It's uh, right through there.
Sup.. You want to talk supportive? You didn't even come and visit me when I was in the hospital having the baby.
Why can't you ever be supportive?
Well, we were walking down the street and we saw that van that you guys used for catering and we realised...
That's sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
I know! All right, I'll see you guys over there! I'm off to fight the Nazis.
You know honey, there is a thin line between love and hate, and it turns out that line...is a scarf!
I thought you hated him?
Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. I'm talking to Rome.
So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Ohh! Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he's gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.
Oh no! That really is nothing, she is very sexually aggressive.
Oh Joey, I'm sorry I just couldn't tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y'know we got to talking and I...
So, system kinda broke down huh?!
Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
What? What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
I know. You know, we're just gonna have to figure out a plan tonight. Can you please just take care of her for today?
What about Emma? We don't have a nanny.
Okay. 'Cause this is where I wanna be, okay? No more messing around. I don't wanna mess this up again.
I love you too, and I'm never letting you go again.
Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent.
Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves.
What?
Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
No. No, because I know exactly how the conversation's gonna go. "Hey Ross, you know, I think we had a moment before."
What about Ross? What about your moment? Don't you want to talk to Ross about it?
And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
Yes, we are.
No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I-would you-actually, would you go check on that?
What's the matter honey? Did you see a little mouse?
Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Yes, we were just...
Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.
Yeah, just so weird seeing him like that, you know? I mean he is a doctor, you don't expect doctors to get sick!
You had a rough day, uh?
Alright, I don't wanna alarm anybody, but Monica's hair is twice as big as it was when we landed!
Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
Really?
Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
But don't you think Rosita would've wanted you to move on? I mean y'know, she did always put...your comfort first.
She's not even cold yet!
I know, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's so much better than what I had at Ralph Lauren. The money is great...
Congratulations!
Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks.
Well I'm sorry, I think about stuff. Ya know, I mean, you're at work, you're assembling bones, your mind wanders.
Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn't move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
She was just crawling around and she found him, so I just let her sleep with him. That's all right? Isn't it?
Chandler... hey... Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma?
So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You'll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and...
What? You mean behind my back?
Oh Ross you're so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax...
You don't have a valid driver's license-Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say?
No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair.
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Monica, this is Dan , one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. Uh Dan, Monica.
Rachel.
I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Oh, no!
That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
...is for me not to see you anymore.
Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
Why not?
Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
So what'd he say?
Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
Why are you so jealous of me?
Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch!
All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Water rules!
Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it's just a little weird, it's you, and it's me, it's just gonna take some getting used to.
Rach, you sure you wanna do this?
You don't tell a guy that you're looking for a serious relationship! You don't tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
I'm sure you're right, but why?
Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the pee-pee's!
Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so.... Y'know.
I had to cut my hair to get rid of the uh, fogger smell.
And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Really?!
Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
What? Ross and Charlie? Wow! She's really making her way through the group, huh? Ah, who am I to talk?
Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
Hi. Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
I don't care.
Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
Well yeah, it usually, it takes two people to...
Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
I'm sorry?
That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go.
So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby?
Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans?
Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
Look I was going to tell you!
What? Oh, well then y'know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
Well that's not fair, you've already had some!
Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to be a disaster I would have baked it myself!
oh! Now it's a party!
Oh, you're one of those. But y'know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Sharing is good.
I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Sure.
Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y'know?
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
Okay. Ah, well we'll just see about that, okay. I will read The Shining, and you will read Little Women.
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
I'm not vanilla! I've done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
Yeah.
God, I'm not lame, okay. I can do something. I can throw, would you let me throw, come on this is my game too.
Honey, there's a reason.
Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that?
I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
What?
Fifty-two minutes. So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don't have to share stuff.
When's my daddy coming back?
Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
Just-just to clarify, I'm not Fonzie.
Nooo! Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Alright. Yes, this is Rachel.
Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said "yes."
Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y'know just in case...
Oh yeah!
Ross, you know what? She may need one..We're just going to have to make our peace with that! Monica and Chandler's apartment.
Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won't do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great.
I don't get it, Chandler loved it!
Yeah-but come on-Listen, I'm sorry I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn't believe me.
Oh, somewhere Joey's head is exploding.
Oh no-no-no-no-no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza.
Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she's gonna go nuts for you.
Really?
Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don't have a guest list.
Hey! I've got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone's names in them and inside is everyone's individual birth stone.
Ok, well this is like that...in no way. I had a...I had a dream last night that I wanted to kiss Joey.
Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Oh please, I hate packing, it's closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I'm really gonna miss living with you.
Are you sure?
Wow, you know, it's so beautiful out there. You always wanted to get married outside. Why don't you guys just do it on the street?
I know.
Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Nope.
Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Yeah? Sometimes it's...
Not working with me, Joe! Here's the thing: lately I have been having thoughts musings, if you will!
That's a huge thing!
Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
See, this is just the kind of thing I was talking about.
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
Oh no-no-no don't say but! No-no, but's never good! Let's just leave it at, you like me and I like you.
But...
Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
Oh well then, so I'm just going to go back to talking to my friend here. And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.
Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.
That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Hey. Here. Ohh, who's the silver fox?
Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Hi Rachel. Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.
Gunther, Gunther, please, I've worked here for two and a half years, I know the empty trays go over there.
...and after you've delivered the drinks, you take the empty tray....
Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex.
Sexy?
And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y'know 'cause, people cry at weddings. I'm just gonna grab a couple of these.
Ohh.
So, come on, what was the big news Pete wanted to tell you Mon?! Or should I say Mrs. Monica Becker?
I have no idea.
Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.
I know what she's talking about.
Wh, Ross what do you want from me? You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
That's right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey's.
We should defiantly play football more often. Maybe there's a like league we could join or something.
Ow!!
I don't know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It's not a perfect world! Just go please.
How could I have left them in the copy room?
The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
Well, where's the logic in that?!
Oh I'm sorry mummy's so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep.
I can say I told you so but she's kinda doing that for me.
Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you over.
Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly had a crush on me?
Okay, okay, okay, I got one! Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
Oh, that's nice!
Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
I gotta get the before shot!
Yeah, oh my God, tomorrow! That, no, it's perfect. Oh God, thank you soo much. Great! Bye! I got the interview!
That is so made up!
Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Umm, a flea market?
C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.
Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, and then we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us, that wily... minx.
No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...
Should I not have told you?
Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
I thought there wasn't a ball?
Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
Really?
Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. Ready? .
I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning.
Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
I could do that.
No, I know, but Ihe just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...
Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.
Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
There's sooo much you don't know.
Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
'Cause you invited your assistant.
Oh! You know, I just... couple of things I tried ... I just sang a little doo... Itsy Bitsy Spider...
Oh I know, isn't it? Ooh... what'd you do to get her to laugh?
Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
Ugh. Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there? Go ahead. Thank you. Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Ahh, miss? More coffee?
man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
I have it, I have it, I have it. Oh, okay, I can't find it, but I remember that I was in seat 32C, because that's my bra-size.
Madame, if you don't have your boarding pass...
Oh yeah! But you know what? If you need Hugsy, don't worry. Emma will totally understand. I won't... but whatever .
Really? She... she loves me?
All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
You need to get out of my chambers.
Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
My God! What did you order?!
You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn't feel bad!
I'll talk to them!
Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. He's the head of my department.
So glad you brought someone.
Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even want it in my home... Joey, don't touch it!!
Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence!
I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works.
You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don't you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
It's not here.
Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Not a good day for birds...
Honey, I don't know how to tell you this, but um, if something were to happen to Ross or to myself um you wouldn't get the baby.
Why does she keep making that noise?
Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing.
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan.
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what, I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?
It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers of all the guys I've dated.
Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Ok, that's true. That's true, we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna power through!
Well, you guys have been friends forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was? You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that.
Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any flying about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.
You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them!
Hey, you've got a boyfriend!
I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song!
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it!
Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
Hello.
Oh is it?! Uhh, hello? Yes hi, is Rachel there? Yes she is, just one moment please. It's for me!
That is a different phone.
I have so got it. There's gonna be rumours about this, there's no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.
You don't have it.
Oh that's so cute: Ross and Mike's first date. Is that going to be awkward? I mean, what are you guys going to talk about?
We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, drinks, conversation.
All right, y'know what? If you don't want to believe me about this, why don't you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
To Ross.
I'm not jealous. All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers. And y'know, and um, I...
You are totally jealous.
See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ... and you do that ...
Yes, I feel that you are a little annoying.
Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don't have to do that! I'm happy for him! I am! I really-I'm-I'm happ-I'll work on it.
See, maybe that's the one we should've actually hidden.
Good! 'Cause I've got a product report to read, it's like eight pages, I hope I don't fall asleep.
I was just leaving.
Oh please, theyve been going out a week. They havent even slept together yet, I mean, thats not serious.
But hes falling in love with her.
Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Oh. Aw, forget it.
Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me?
Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Look Amy, it got a little of control..Um.. and I'm sorry. You're my sister and uh.. if it really means that much to you..
I don't care. Oh my god. I've lost the will to scold.
Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys. This is so-so, not stupid.
Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. Oh, it does work!
No.
Whoa-whoa, there's two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must've been a real babe magnet.
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
Maybe not.
When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Yeah.
Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous.
Oh my God, you look so good!
Yeah-yeah, did-didn't you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm...
Are you sure?
Well y'know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower!
The coins have finally forgiven me!
All right, look you guys... Look, we appreciate all the advice, but this is between Joey and me and I think we can handle it...
You're a pain in my ass, Geller!
No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
Is this your first appology?
She is so good at throwing drinks in people's faces, I mean I don't think I've ever seen her finish a beverage.
Nice.
OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important.
No no no! Federal regulations!
Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Umm-hmm.
Oh whose side are you on? I'm not giving you Emma because there is no way you could handle the responibility of a child.
Emma.
Okay, hold on just a second. I'm sorry, it's for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. She says there's a problem with the form. Oh, god, oh god...
Hello? Um, yeah, uh, Okay ah, hold on a second, lemme lemme just check and see if see if she's here.
I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again.
What, Rach?
Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they'd break you.
Ooh, who's it for?
Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? Y'know what, actually... Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
Oh that's great! You are the best!
Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay.
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Well, because if one more person says "what a cute little boy" I'm gonna whip them with a car antenna!
She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are.
You can?
Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at ... 9:30?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
Nice party.
Okay, y'know what, y'know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. Okay. Okay. Hi!
Now that's a thinker.
Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma and we'll give it to her when she is 18.
Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video.
Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.
No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
No, because you're not a grandmother!
Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another, I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...
Oh... okay.
No, we decided that I would go ahead and set up first, and then my mom would bring Emma to Paris on Sunday.
Oh, you're not taking her with you tonight?
No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Naked alone time.
No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Oh my God! I was so afraid I wasn't gonna remember any of my high-school French, but I understood every word you just said!
Madame, your passport please?
Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list.
Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That's it!! That's everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean.
No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so... ..Im takin em down. Okay? Whoa!
Rachel, what are you doing? Its freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
No! Y'know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous-We're gonna flip a coin! All right?! Heads!
Actually, it wasn't that close.
Nodded off!! Ross you were snoring. My father's boat didn't make that much noise when it hit rocks!
So I nodded off a little.
Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey, but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take off my bra?
Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. "Was it good for you?"
Which one was Pete Carney?
No, it's just that uhm... it feels so good... Ikea... Yeah, say hey, you'll know this, what's the capital of Sweden?
Is something wrong?
Oh you missed it. She was laughing. Oh it was amazing. It was amazing. It was the most beautiful, beautiful sound that...
Hey!
Me? I'm great! I'm fine! I'm sooo good!! But, you know who's not great?! Men! You're a man right Ross?!
That-that's always good news. Are you okay?
Hey you guys... You're never gonna believe it. This headhunter called me. I have a meeting tomorrow with Gucci. Gucci wants me.
No, no. I-I'm good.
Gee, I always heard them talk about that, I just always thought that it was a club they went to. Oh God, I'm, I'm sorry.
They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a stripper so we went to the phonebook and we got the first name we could find!
Are you kidding?
Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date-oh, he's so gonna get the wrong idea.
Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get-oh I see.
Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
Wh-why?
Oh y'know what? Y'know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman's and get it half off. This place is so overpriced.
Ooh, is that spelled with a 'C' or a 'K'? Oh my God! It doesn't matter; they're both great!
No-no, that wasn't me! Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. The selection of underwear we carry.
Rachel, you needed to speak to me?
So we're okay, we're okay, we're okay, aren't we? No, we're not okay, we're not okay, there's a bump, there's a bump.
Okay.
I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
How-how did that happen?
...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street?
What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff.
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Hi.
Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through ...
Yes ma'am, ready to Power through!
Honey, you're taking this the wrong way. We think you're going to be a wonderful parent. It's just.. you're more the fun parent.
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
Are they here yet?
Okay. All right. Honey listen. When I tell you what I'm about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
What's going on?
What? Maybe I put it in here . Oh, oh, it's not in there! Oh, no! I must have packed it in one of these boxes!
Well, it's not.
That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
He can have his job back.
Alright, come on... Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together.
Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its like: "Come on in, my butt is surprisingly hairy".
A vacation? My idea of a vacation does not involve something sucking on my nipples until they are raw.
Well, while you were on your baby vacation I was doing your job.
Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
Hey.
Wait a minute! You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you're the only one who's allowed to drive it.
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
I'm still right here!
Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
OK, noone is named Sleeve.
And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you.
Ok, dinner's on.
No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Oh right, 'cause you always pull your pants down at the count of three and play Wipe-out on your butt cheeks.
Hey, that guy did not hypnotise me! Okay.
It's just physical and I have it totally under control! Ok? It's just, when I see them together, sometimes I just get a little jealous!
Oh my God!
Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There's an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss...
No, I had sex in high school.
We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. What? I read that.
Hi.
So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
Come on, you got the shopping bags and the Sack's catalog.
I mean, look-look today you escaped death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Huh.
Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Rach, why won't they take it back?
Ben y'know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. 'Cause I was, I was your daddy's girlfriend.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you're, you're, you're making this too hard.
Okay, it's not, it's not.
Hey Mon, let's give Pete a chance Come on, he was funny, he seems really nice, and that check thing was adorable.
Thanks
And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
Sure...
Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
You don't have to be back for a half-hour!
Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
...is something I'm very interested in! Oh please, do not tell Ross. He still believes that what's in the inside is important...
And a thousand dollars.
Oh, Joey, come on! Please, please! Let me come, I will behave, I promise! I will behave! Please, please, please...
Please, I was trying to be nice, you're the worst one!
Yeah. Well. Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
"Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S.: Chandler, I knew they'd break you."
Ooh, who's it for?
The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer.
Did you find it?
I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
We have a winner!
Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Phoebe and I saw Chandler with a blonde woman today outside on the street and then we followed them to a house in Westchester.
What?
Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya, baby! Darnit! Ugh.
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Hey!
Okay, y'know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y'know go to your apartment.
Okay, that's-that's not funny. Uhh.
Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so gorgeous!
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
Aww, Joey, come here. Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Honey, come on, I have to be at work in like ten minutes Oh, all right, well it's not like I'm employee of the year or anything.
We're all alone in an empty apartment.
Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine--teen blocks. Oh. Oh my God.
Le Poo's still alive?!
Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction.
God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.
No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
I don't know, I mean I would give anything to work for a designer, y'know, or a buyer.... Oh, I just don't want to be 30 and still work here.
Because, I'm too afraid.
Yeah, seriously coz this is really heavy. I mean not for me because i'm only pretending to hold this, but for these guys.
Hey uh, where do you guys want this?
Well, hey! How about right above the TV? . That way, it will be the first thing that you see when you walk in the door!
I haven't really settled on a spot yet!
Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from Fame. Ready to go to the movies?
How 'bout just a boom?
Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Really?
No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Well, let's see... uh... I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer and then she has to make a very big poop. Why?
What's Emma doing today?
Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn't love. Do you remember Barry?
Myron. Hmm... I told you he was old!
No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?
Okay great, hold on a sec! Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Okay.
Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they're done with them they just send 'em back.
Well, what's the deal with these? These-these look nice.
When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!
Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter's done?
You're not gonna mess it up.
Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
That's right.
Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back, the offered me more money! Isn't that great?
Wh... wh...what?
Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future.
Oh, sweety, you can't pull this off.
Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would like to start the celebration and make a toast ... to Phoebe. She dropped her sock.
Chandler, control your woman!
Well, umm, I guess I read Little Women more than once. But I mean that's a classic, what's so great about The Shining?
Haven't you ever read the same book over and over again?
Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing.
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
Well, I did my best to convince him that I'm not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I'm just going through a hard time.
Oh, how did it go?
Uh-huh. No, I hear what you're saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? Look how pretty!
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don't hire an assistant because they're cute, you hire them because they're qualified.
Alright, alright look, just uh... just try to remember how you felt when you were in love, and think about that when you're playing the scene.
What the hell are you talking about??
Y'know I don't, I don't understand guys, I mean I-I would never congratulate Monica on a great stew by y'know, grabbin' her boob.
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
Hi! You guys, the car-service just got here. I can't believe they're not home yet! I have to catch my stupid plane. I wanna see the baby!
You know, the baby can't read, Mike!
Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Okay, swear you won't tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna's office. Do you wanna see the list?
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy's cell phone?
Good.
Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'.
You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time.
That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around.
Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
So if you think I didn't say goodbye to you because you don't mean as much to me as everybody else, you're wrong. It's because you mean more to me.
Oh my God!
Well, they never have any paper in there y'know. So my rule is 'no tissue, no tuschy.' Well, if everybody's going.
No, Rachel never pees in public restrooms.
No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there's other stuff. Here's a nice shirt, look at these nice pants...
All right, that's it, I'm getting out of here.
Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
Ohh, yeah, well I wanted to give Emily a big American good-bye cheer. So okay! Ready! Okay! Gimme an 'E!'
Nice uh, costume.
You are right there with Emily. And it's y'know, it's kinda like.... it's a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
Uh-huh.
I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided thisthis whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon!
What is wrong with raising a kid in the city? I'm doing it, Ross is doing it, Sarah Jessica Parker is doing it!
Shouldn't we all vote on stuff like this?!
That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And... ...it's a book!
OK... ah, it's light... ...it rattles... it's... Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you!
No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! Fine I want-I need more details, who-who initiated the first kiss?
Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
It was ... oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
Huh. What's Tag's last name?
I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
Oh. That's so Monica can keep track. That way if one on them is missing, she can be like, 'Where's number 27?!'
Why do all you're coffee mugs have numbers on the bottom?
Don't say anything. I don't wanna speak, I don't wanna think. I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.
I can't believe you came back.
Come on, it's not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
Where you can make out with your assistant.
Joey, you're such an amazing actor! How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
So was I.
Yeah, I said what was okay when I thought she was some weird bald chick. I mean, y'know, that girl has hair got all over head!
Well I'm sorry, I thought you said it was okay.
You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch!
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
Well, oh, Mark, I'm doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know? I'm just doing it to get back at Ross. I'm sorry, it's not very fair to you.
Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Oh wow. That-y'know what? That is so unfair. Y'know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let's go have sex!
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
I can't believe you don't want to know. I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....
Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
How did work go?
Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?
Wow! I don't know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a...keeper.
Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.
Yesss?
Well, let me just check that with what I got here, all right see 038 is not the number for this store, 038 is Atlanta. And I...
Yeah!!
No, there's nothing to make up, she's gonna know that I have a key to her office, I've got to get you locked up back the way you were!
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Nope! That never happened to me!
Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he proposed to his fiance and it was just sooo beautiful.
Is everything allright?
Yes, yes. I still want my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts!
I'm so confused!
I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y'know? And it's probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
Eh?
Jealous of what? Of your lack of responsiblity? You, your immaturity? Your total disregard of other people's feelings?
Because you don't want me to be happy. You.. you have always been jealous of me.
All right. All right, all right, all right, all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it!
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Ohh, it's gonna be so great! I'm gonna get to help decide what we sell, I'm gonna have an office with walls and everything. I'm gonna have walls!
You got the job?! Why didn't you tell me?
Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
I can't believe it!
Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Oh you're not. You're not gonna get in the middle of anything, don't worry about Ross really, really. Oh! Hide! That's Ross! Hide! Hide!
Right. Right. Ross. So what's the deal with you guys? I don't want to get in the middle of anything.
What, what, wait a minute! You haven't even told her you were a doctor, yet? How long have you known her, likean hour?
Ross, you didn't tell me you were a doctor!
What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
After one class? I don't think so.
And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle!
Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister.
Come on, it's a hypnosis tape. This woman at work used it for two weeks straight and she hasn't smoked since.
Oh. Nope, that patch is no good.
Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know?
I missed you too.
Ok. You decorate dad's office and so now you're a decorator. Okay! I went to the zoo yesterday and now I'm a koala bear.
Um.. I'm a decorator.
Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
All right let me see. Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?
That would be me.
Okay, come on-Joey, I'll buy you a new one! All right? We'll go down to the store right now and we'll-we'll get you a new chair.
I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don't, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. What's that?
Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat.
Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
Hey!
Well, there was a disaster in shipping and I've got to get this order in. Honey, I'm so sorry, but it looks like I'm gonna be here all night.
Hey, what's going on?
Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
So how are things going with Paul?
Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y'know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk.
It's my sister.
Okay! Here we go! Okay! Hi, Joey! It's Rachel! Umm, I am free tomorrow night. Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.
Oh Drake.
Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! . I mean, this is just beautiful!
Rach, come on, I'm not gonna wear any of this! Nothing silver. . Ok? Nothing with hair! And nothing with padlocks on it! .
No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
In your mouth?!
Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... How long has that been there?
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
And a glass of tepid water.
Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time...she and I y'know...kissed a little bit.
Okay...
You WHAT? You sang... to our baby daughter... a song about a guy who likes to have sex with women with giant asses?
I uhm... Well, I sang... well actually I rapped... Baby Got Back...
Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world?
I... I don't know..
And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
I love you.
God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. But I won't.
Look Joey, come on she's so perfect for you! I mean she's sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Man, do you know what guys want!
Woow!I haven't seen you this worked up since you did that dog food commercial and you thought you were gonna be with a real talking dog!
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. It was Ralph Lauren! Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
Oh, you weren't finished?
Oh really? So you're saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?!
I did not!
Well, the point is, maybe I should just stop waiting around for moments with Ross, you know? I should just . . . move on with my life.
Better!
What's with the rain, Geller? I mean, when I signed up for Dino Week, nobody said anything about it being monsoon season.
What? May I?
Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson.
Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... a little bit more... a little bit more... There you go! Now throw it away!
How does this look?
Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! I'm not helping.
You said you'd marry Joey?
I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy.
What?
Well y'know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What's up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
What a nice surprise! What are you doing here?
Oh oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won't stop crying.
It worked!
"Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Noo! Maybe! I, I don't know. Ross, I still can't forgive you for what you did, I can't, I just, but sometimes when I'm with you I just, I feel so...
Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Oh my goodness, she had the smoothest skin! I mean when I stuck that dollar bill in her g-string and grazed her thigh...
Oh, Chantal!
And if you need anything else, I do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate.
Thanks.
Okay, um, I... All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
Sure
Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel.
That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
Yeah! You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't get it out of my head! And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!
You wanna fool around with Joey?
Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
You want me to call her right now?
Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
Hey, and then lunch.
Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute.
Hi.
I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it.
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
Oops, sorry. Listen, we-we have to have a party tonight! Actually, we have to have one in five minutes, so everybody cancel your plans.
You need that, you need that too 'cause obviously, a thief could just tear this up.
He is, isn't he? I don't know, I don't know, I mean maybe it's just being here at the beach together or, I don't know. But it's like something...
He's totally flirting with you too.
Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration.' Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
What is it?
Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more than that?
That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
I'm a little embarrassed.
But I don't, hmm... Oh, who approved that order?! Well there is no Mark Robbinson in this office. Get me Mark on the phone!
Okay, you don't have to stop, I'm invisible, I'm not here.
Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna...
Oh, why?
Oh! Oh! Oh my God! Ohhh, ohhh, wow, that ear and nose hair trimmer I got him was just money down the drain, huh?
I'm feeling better.
Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
I just, I thought Joey was there.
Well, I don't know. I called all the people in Monica's phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Who the hell are all these people?
Oh-oh-oh, symbolism! And uh, the-the uh, wildness of the mores, which I think is-is mirrored in the wildness of Heathcliff's character.
Well, that's sort of a given, but yes. Anyone else?
Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Isn't it.
Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
Yeah, well you promised Barry, you'd marry him.
Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y'know, start the heeling process?
Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
No! Why?
Oh, well. Everything that I need is in here and my travel documents are on the counter organized in the order that I will be needing them.
Ok, so you've done some good work! What about your carry-ons?
Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
You didn't cancel the fabric order from Taiwan?
Well, ever since I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a museum benefitty kind of mood.
Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
Y'know if what I do is so lame, then why did you insist on coming with me this morning? Huh? Was it so I just wouldn't go with Mark?
No-no-no, a bunch of out of control jackets take over an island.
Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. Hey sisters! Wow, we really are bitches.
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
But, they're across the hall! I mean that's two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Nothing I uh, it's just that I know that they're still out there.
Pheebs, I would make a reservation for five, because one of us has to stay home and watch Emma. Which one of us should go to dinner?
No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Wh... Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn't stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin' together?
I don't know. I don't remember a lot of things that never happened.
You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
BACK OFF!!! Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!!
Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Och, god. Oh, thank god, you're okay. I'm so sorry we left you. Mom never gonna leave you again. Never ever ever again. Uch.
'kay.
Ok! Can't believe I'm risking this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Heads I win, tails you lose.
All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.
Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
What do you mean?
So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
It's got 'em!
How was the honeymoon? Phoebe; Oh, incredible! Oh! Champagne, candle-lit dinners, moonlight walks on the beach, it was sooo ro-man-tic!
Hey! Hi!
I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake.
Yeah?
No. I have got to get ready and go to a dinner at my bosses house. It's a very big deal, there's a lot of people there I have to meet.
Okay, okay. Look, you have got to go to a doctor! Okay?
All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
You don't know!
Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and they're the bad guys.
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
Ok, well Monica, suppose one of your "special" tickets win? How are you gonna feel when you win the lottery and you lose all your friends?
I'll show you how.
When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here.
When?
I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Okay. Happy birthday Grandma! It's better to be over the hill then buried under it. All our love Monica and Chandler. That's funny, yeah!
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Rachel?!
Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Oh, that was just my crazy friend. She told me I should get off the plane, because she had a feeling that there was something wrong with the left Philange.
Uhm, what was that?
Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she's not lookin' for a serious relationship.
Oh no, yeah.
Well, um, first he told me he liked how I looked. And, ah, then we had a little . . . um . . . eye-contact.
Oh my God! I love things. What happened?
Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! ...dead!
Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Dreskin and I had sex on your bed.
Okay, thank you. That'll be all. Wait! Wait! Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.
Yes, at 4:00.
Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh!
No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat.
I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
What, what.
Oh that's right. You're the talker. Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Yeah, there was. It was-there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read-Yes, there was.
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me.
'Cause we will appreciate it more when she's gone?
Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain't a locker room, okay? But, y'know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
Oh come on, what are you talking about? You've got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday's, come on!
I know I haven't worked in an office before, and I really don't have a lot of experience, but uh...
Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he's so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
Wow, it's really long.
Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdale's? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them!
Oh no! No! No! No!
He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
Who's that?
Y'know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? Tag! I'm serious! This isn't funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Like what?
Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
Oh, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home, be home. Be home. Be home, be home, be home. Oh, you're not home.
What? Are you married? 'Cause that's okay.
No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand!
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes.
Look, are you gonna be ok?
No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore.
Me too, we should get goin'.
Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Well, go ahead Rachel.
Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up.
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Okay! "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time!
Yes!
All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this right now. But I'm not.
For an emergency just like this.
Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
Chip! Hi, it's Rachel. Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. Monica Geller. Ohh.
Oh, I'm sure.
You know what? Uhm, I have some goodbye stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna save it until the end of the night, but come here .
I know.
Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride!
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different shapes, and if you give them a photo, they'll copy it in icing!
Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid.
You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!!
The nights are the hardest. But then the day comes! And that's every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again...
Depends on what you mean by we.
Yeah. Yeah, and y'know you-you deserve to win. And-and y'know I was thinking about it, if-if you're Monica's maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
That's ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. Oh, you mean today.
I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy.
Just go over and say hi.
I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
A kiss? What are you talking about?
Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Well, that's cool. So did...
Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . .
Rach, I got a message from you. Who's Michael?
What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had that shot.
Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, controversial.
I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Hello? Oh, it's our nanny! Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today?
She did? Who got her condo in Boca?
Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more."
Okay.
Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Alright, okay, okay, gleba, gleba... Gleba! Ha! Here it is: the fleshy, spore-bearing inner mass of a certain fungi.
Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....
Ooh! You guys are so lucky you are here with people, you known it's such a romantic place. That's all, I just wish I could share that with a guy.
And make sure our room isn't next to theirs .
Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Brides magazines?
Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
All right. Well, there you go. Stop it, stop it, stop it.
No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. See look, men, carrying the bag.
It looks like a women's purse.
Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Oh look, she's pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth? She looks scared. Doesn't she look scared?
Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that.
Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Now I do.
Okay, your band is playing at Arnold's, collect three cool points. Which means, I have five, and that means I get Joey's boxers!
Wooooo!!!!
Yes oh--Do I want sugar in my coffee? No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Rach, do you want some sugar in your coffee?
I'm telling you guys, we followed them out to a house in Westchester, the went in for like forty-five minutes and then they came out looking pretty happy!
I just can't see Chandler cheating!
Yeah... ....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
The guy with the gas?!
Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
Huh. Well, y'know that's actually a really good idea, because that way they'll be closer to the mugs. Y'know what, you should have the other waitresses do that too.
What if you put them here.
Look, Charlie, I just want you to know. Ross is just having a little trouble adjusting to the thought of Joey and me. You know, he normally doesn't drink like this.
My fajitas!!
Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y'know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
I don't know why you say that so soon.
Well, look, it's hardly snowing anymore. I mean you couldn't ask for a more romantic setting. This could be the simple wedding you've always wanted!
What?
Oh, yeah. Joey doesn't share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ...
What? You know about the plate thing?
Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
And that's, that's funny why?
Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that?
Duh, where've you been?
Don't just say yes! This isn't a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Yes.
No, no, no, now wait, wa, wa, waa-it a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. That actually, uh, that sounds interesting.
Hi, welcome, to an adult conversation.
It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna push their penis against your knee?
Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... There's no guy in there!
I don't know, I don't know, weren't you the guy that told me to quit my job when I had absolutely nothing else to do. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!!
Something else I might have said?
But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Knock-knock.
Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I'm past the point where I think I can y'know, just have fun.
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Sounds like a fun party.
Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July.
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you're at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
FINE BY ME!!
Listen. Sudden change of plans. My maternity leave just ended. They told me that if I didn't come back today, they were gonna fire me.
Okay, from the top, people!
Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
Oh, I don't know, I guess, Chris O'Donnel, John F. Kennedy, Jr., Daniel Day Lewis, Sting, and Parker Stevenson.
It's just a game Mon. Rach, how about you?
Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
Um, no, I uh, I have done it before.
Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school?
Technically, huh, no.
I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Hey, look who's up.
What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn't want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air...
No-n-n-n-no! I am finally thinking clearly. My lucky dress wasn't working out to well for me, but for four years, this baby never missed.
Oh my God! Have you lost your mind?
Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now.
Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?
Are you jealous?
Oh, please, Ross it was so obvious! It was like you were marking your territory. I mean you might have well have just come in and peed all around my desk!
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
If anybody asks, I'm your sister, Joan. Listen. C'mon, you guys. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me!
How did you get in here?
Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
And also, you know I uh, I was thinking about what you said, you know, about the whole sex thing and... it's probably not a great idea to go down that road again.
Oh, no problem.
Oh, ju-ju-just stay calm. Just be calm. For all he knows we're just hanging out together. Right? Just be nonchalant. That's not nonchalant!
Oh my God, it's Ross. What are we gonna do?
You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."
I suppose.
So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance to know her.
Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh!
Oh, well, that shouldnt be so hard, now that youre dating. "Sweetheart, youre fired, but how bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Im just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Like a goalie, right?
Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica's something borrowed and it's blue. Yeah...
This stuff is great!
Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that.
What, it's not your fault.
Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Hey.
'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y'know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y'know?
Do I?
Joey, there is a reason that Emma loves that stupid penguin so much Oh don't cover its ears! It's because it reminds her of her uncle Joey!
... she's being unreasonable!
Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled like Gukki, which could be confusing.
I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye!
Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner!
Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
Well, yeah, y'know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Any luck?
See look Amy, we're a lot closer to Monica and Chandler. We see them every day. And truthfully honey, you don't seem very connected to the baby.
I don't believe this, hold on a second. You guys die and I don't get your baby?
Phoebe, hi, we're so sorry. You're totally right. We are here one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday celebration.
Okay, that was Mike.
Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!!
Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.
Sorry. I'm so exited! I've been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Y'know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me.
Bye.
That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn't, and if you have to even think about it...
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too... Umm, who likes the Knicks-
Oh my God!!
I don't know! I think it's kind of serious! Oh, you know... I was watching this thing on TV this morning about... Newcastle disease... and I think I might have it!!
Really? Wh-what's wrong?
Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don't get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! No I take that back!
Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I'm so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
We didn't order cake.
Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Wait-wait. I, I got it. I was there.
Ok! Joey is having a secret Days Of Our Lives party up on the roof and he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you!
Ok, what is this?
Ah, what is this? Well, lets see, we kissed for ten minutes and now we're talking to our friends about it, so I guess this is sixth grade!
Now, what is this?
I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
I'm talkin'!
Well, Joshua's coming in tomorrow and since I don't have the guts to ask him out, I'm going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.
What are you writing?
Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you're sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
You think?
No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Oh, is there a problem?
Oh God Monica hi! Thank God! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Rachel?!
You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
Yeah.
Me too. Oh, I'm just sorry I'm not gonna be around to watch you two attempt to handle this! Alright, I can't say goodbye to you guys again. I love you all so much.
I'm just so glad you got to see the babies.
Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's in the bedroom all ready to go. But she did actually fall back to sleep, so...
Hey, you're not naked! So hey, Rach, when will we expect to see you tonight?
No Ross!! Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
No.
Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid!
Hey.
Oh wow. Why don't we just take me and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. These pins aren't for playing are they?
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Oh, I still do. Next year, I hope to make varsity though.
And you know, we said that we would, we would live together as long as this makes sense. An maybe this, you know,Just doesn't make sense anymore.
Uh, clearly.
Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life.
SON OF A BITCH! Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word!
Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories......about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
Rachel? Do you smoke?
Yeah, well, word of advice: Bring back the comedian. Otherwise next time you're gonna find yourself sitting at home, listening to that album alone.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Sorry.
Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
You had no right coming down to my office Ross. You do not bring a picnic basket to somebody's work! Unless maybe they were a park ranger!
For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?
Yeah, well Betty's kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
That's kinda sad.
Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. Maybe that's him.
Uh-huh, that one!
Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
OH, a soap opera roof party!! I'm going to a soap opera roof party!! Oh my God, oh my God!! And it's out of my system!
Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
Oh God! Y'know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I'm wishin' for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Twenty-four actually.
All right, okay, Laurie proposes to Jo, and she says no, even though she's still in love with him, and then he ends up marring Amy.
I can't believe she cracked your code!
Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty.
I'm just going to need to see your passport.
Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a first birthday again.
Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Look, that was supposed to be like a private, personal thing between us.
You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Okay. Come on! That's not running! Let's go!
I don't care! All right, y'know what I'm just upset that I'm getting nowhere with Joshua that-y'know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Why do you care so much anyway?
Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Yeah?
Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Well, he's finally alseep. About that ah, bump on his head?
Ah that's great. No actually that's... That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
Hey! I have so much more to tell ya, I've written it all down!
"...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.."
Marenge,
Yeah, and he does it every year! That's why he's sending you to that play! That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory!
Joey's having a party and he wasn't gonna invite us?
Okay! Y'know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids...
What?
Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I'm... I'm gonna pick up some really good stuff for you.
Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me.
Oh, y'know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I--Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this?
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... STAT!
..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and...
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
I thought you said you read it in high school.
...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
You don't think I know that!
Ohh, God! Look at him, he's so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Does for me.
Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
You owe me a waffle.
I'm great! I'm great. I've got a great job at Bloomingdale's, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I'm not seeing anyone right now, I've never felt better about myself.
Hey, Rach! How ya doin'?
Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
Oh, I never could do it.
Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
What?
Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
Can I use.. either thumb?
Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
The whole night was horrible, it was pouring down rain, and when I got there, there was no Rachel Green on the list, but there was a Rachel Greep.
Why?
Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she's very private about her office. Now I know why.
Wow! My breasts are really strong.
Joey, just-just he-he's new in town and I know he doesn't have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I'll really appreciate it.
Really? 'Cause I could kinda use the money.
That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
OK, that's my tattoo.
Oh God. No! Oh not again! This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
You're nose is bleeding!
You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
Yeah, we went shopping!
No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready? "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?" Come on, I can't do this!
All right, you ready?
Yes okay. Well now see this isn't telling us anything. Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat's a steak house!
Did I use that already today? I'm sorry.
Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Hi!
Honey, that's very sweet, it just seems to me though, that if two people love each other and trust each other, like we do, there's no reason to be jealous.
Let it be me! Let it be me!
It's not dumb. But, maybe it's okay that you're not a part of it. Y'know what I mean? I mean it's like, I-I-I like that you're not involved in that part of my life.
No. I... I wanted to be with you. I don't know, I feel like lately, I feel like you're slipping away from me, y'know. With this new job, and all these new people, and you've got this whole other life going on. I-I-I know it's dumb, but I hate that I'm not a part of it.
All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
I am soo dead.
Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a $100 advance in my salary?
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
I don't know, I'm not trying to do anything, it's just, we have such a good time when we're together, you know... I mean, aren't you just a... little curious... what that would be like?...
What the hell are you doin'???
Well, you've been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y'know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.
My what?
Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
Definitely!
Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.
Ready for your birthday lunch?
Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
But it was a deap meaningful relationship.
No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
I'm sorry?
Okay Joey honey, you're doing really good! All right, now I'm just gonna need you to step to the port side. Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
That's so gross!
Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases.
This ice cream tastes like crap by the way.
Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from.
Wha, uhh, what?
Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?!
And deaf!
Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
So now what's going on here?
Well of course I do! But y'know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you're up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
What you-you don't think I'm gonna win?
So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there's anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Oh, get out of here!
Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight!
Okay!
He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. Come on. I wanna hear everything! Everything.
You're bleeding.
Look I know she's a little tough to take. She has no where else to go, and she's my sister. Alright, she's Emma's aunt. And I would like them to bond.
You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Wow!
I don't know, you know, just the way she waltzed in here all smart, and tall! You know, and just swept Joey off his feet... I mean, nobody else has a chance!
Why?
No we weren't! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y'know, ended up...kissing for a bit.
What?!
Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here.
What's wrong with people having sex?
What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
No, I fold.
Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin' Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
Listen, my mum is not bringing the baby back until nine o' clock. So I was hoping you and I could have achance to kind of talk... somebody here?
Oh, yeah, hello, well, now, here I am.
Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Yeah but maybe that's a good thing. Y'know I'm doing all these different sorts of things, and maybe I should try dating a geek too!
Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
I wanted to be one with the waves, y'know?
Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? Hey, Dave!
I can't catch a break!
Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay?
Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him.
Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi.
Come on up. I'm gonna get the rest of his stuff together.
No...oh, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
Ok, I've got milk Here you go... Oh! Better?
Ah, why, now I can't get a massage? There are so many things that she disapproves of! I can't eat veal, I can't wear fur, I can't go hunting...
Oh, you can't show Phoebe this! She hates those corporate massage chains.
All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
Alright, alright. Calm down Norma Rae. They didn't actually say that. I'm just afraid if I don't come back right now this guy's gonna try to squeeze me out.
What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...
Look he doesn't have any brothers or sisters, somebody's gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven't taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn't know anyway!
No that's not what I want. Uh, I'm glad you guys were bonding but I...
No, it's not gonna be okay Ross, tomorrow is my last day, and I don't have a lead. Okay, y'know what, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna call Gunther and I'm gonna tell him, I'm not quitting.
Sweetie, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would set me up on a date that was awful on the same night that Joey set you up on a date that didn't even show.
The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters.
No, there is no Rachel Greep, but then this other girl overheard us and she was all, "I'm Rachel Greep! I'm Rachel Greep!" and he let her right in.
Ohh! So, did you get to meet her?
Oh yes, absolutely! Y'know, it's weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh...well I probably shouldn't tell you the rest.
Can I see your license please?
Look, y'know I know my life's going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who've accomplished so many other goals by the time they're thirty.
Yeah, you're roommate is a soap opera star.
I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes.
Ok, what the hell happened back there?
Yes. Emma and I came in a little early to do research on the presentation. I actually made a few changes, but I think I'm caught up on everything. So ask me anything!
Wow, you're here already.
What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!
Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! That does! What am I sitting on? I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya?
Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here!
All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh...
What happened?
...And so then I realised. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
So tell me about this girl?
Yeah-yeah, y'know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we're just not crazy enough!
Yeah, sure-sure, yeah, we're-we're-we're-we're-we're clicking.
Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
What about Julie?
No! That's OK! That's OK! That's OK! No no no no! This is my business associate Gavin. He's just being silly.Gavin come out from behind that curtain!
There is a man behind your curtain. I have a mace in my purse.
Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now wait a minute. Phoebe told me that - that you owned your own restaurant. That's impressive.
I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's not that good-looking, but maybe we'll have some laughs"... That ain't gonna happen.
Uh, yeah, well, see, he... Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and...you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
What did Joey say? I like you back?
Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Events from around the globe.
Oh er... well you know Emma started crawling? I realised that this place, is very unsafe for a baby. So I went to the store and got some stuff to baby-proof the apartment.
Oo...what's in the bag?
Oh you know what? When I was a little girl I had a little pink pony named Cotton. Oh I loved her so much, I took her everywhere, I would braid her tail...
No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Oh honey, this is for the best, thus I'm not distracted, worrying about Emma, how she's doing at home and I'm being completely here with you and, oh, she spit up!
And that's Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment, and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and I kept slapping it away!
How was your date with Joey?
Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. Maybe I have to pee again.
How to make the next one even shorter?
I'll be right there! Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we've gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Hello!
That is so sad. Your missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. And-and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Noo!
Oh Ah! Oh my gosh there's something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think... Oh you guys I love it.
Look at all the stuff people sent!
What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
Fine, then let's just say he's not my type.
I don't know. It's so complicated. I work with this guy, you know, I have the baby, and I have Ross, and I just...I don'tknow what to do and I have to be at the office and see Gavin in ten minutes.
So are you thinking of starting up something with this guy?
Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?!
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Monica told you I was cuter that this, didn't she?
Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Morning!
As I was saying... I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I'm 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! Well, y'know. I mean there's no way Joey's gonna make it in time. So I'm gonna through the hotel and see if there's any other weddings going on.
Wait! Maybe, maybe you're overreacting! You do that y'know.
Oh my god Chandler! If you can't handle this, what are you going to be like in the hospital? With the blood and the screaming and the little present that's shooting out of her!?
Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
Really? Well, it seems to me if you'd done the right thing, I would not have woken up today feeling stupid and embarrassed, I would have woken up feeling comforted and satisfied!
Wait, wait, You're mad at me about last night? I was just trying to do the right thing.
Oh, I mean she's gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y'know? Then she'll have to come back here and live all alone.
Oh here's a whole bunch.
Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Hey Rach!
Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Multiple, so many paper cuts.
Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling apart without me.
Nooo!
No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
You mean how they're friends and nothing more?
Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? Oh, look at that.
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna be there as soon as we can. Bye...
They left.
Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer.
Anyone want me to appraise anything?
It's just some things I've been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Ohh! Thank you! I like mail.
So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
So.
Oh! Wi... in the dres... in the dressing room!? Well, that's so weird! Phoebe and I were just trying on clothes in the dressing room. God it's just such a small world!
Oh! trying on clothes.
Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?!
Yeah, what's that like?
Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared... But this is... fine. This is gonna be good.
Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris. Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared.
Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
So how's Mindy?
Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Oh.
No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work.
Rachel, you and Mark?!
Y'know what? I am going to do something today. I'm not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I'm gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
Okay, who's next?
Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Why did they get divorced?
I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Very!
Oh, I don't know. Well maybe it's just the idea of Barry for the rest of my life. I don't know I think I feel like I need to have one last fling, y'know, just to sorta get it out of my system.
What?
Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Ahh, yes.
Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
I've never interviewed anyone before. I've actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn't the same thing.
What?
Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing.
So you really OK about all this?
Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Y'know what? You are right?!
Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There's nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn't for me and Joshua. Y'know, they're not gonna get married anyway!
Yeah, Rach, I think you're handling that really well.
Well, it is, all right? When we were out there today, all I kept thinking was: I can't believe Chandler is screwing this woman, but MAN this would be a nice place to live!
What the hell are you doin'?
Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I don't even know what department that guy's in.
They did?
Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
That is lucky.
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat......I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-
Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind performing them once now?
But equally real!
Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Hey. It happened!
No, no, this is not what I ordered. Ok? I went all the way to New Jersey so that I could have the perfect cake for my daughter's birthday and I need a bunny cake, right now!
I am this close to tugging on my testicles again.
Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. Your decision.
Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me.
Wow, really? One time he just looked at my bra and it popped open.
Phoebe, honey, if you hate it so much, you should walk out there right now and quit! Be true to what you believe in! Honey, you have principles and I so admire that! I don't have any!
Because I was ashamed ok? I sold out for the cash! And then they give me benefits like medical, and dental, and a 401K. But you know... you pay a price. Now I'm this Corporate stooge and punching a clock and Ugh! paying taxes!
You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Huh?
And the chicken pooped in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
...and this guy...
Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later.
Here, look, alright, does this help?
No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
No, but. . .
Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all , what?
What's goin' on?
Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone! Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son.
Gavin Mitchelle's office.
Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Really?
Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth!
Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!
I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally...
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! Ohhh! No! Look what I did! Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Well, um . . . I don't know. I mean, for a long time nothing. But you know, actually right before you picked me up, Ross and I had a . . . ah . . . little thing.
I know. So, what's going on with you and Ross?
Alright! Don't get too comfortable there, because I'm back in two weeks! And I want everything back to the way it was. I can't say that I care too much for the way you've rearranged my office.
Clearly you've never been to Sandles Paradise Island.
All right, all right, you're right, I won't do anything with Joey, I just thought that we Ok so that would be two cups of tarragon, one pound of baking soda and one red onion?
Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.
I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm just losing a tooth, it's no big deal. I have a dentist! Y'know. I'm gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. What do I do now? What do I do now?
Are you all right?
Okay. Okay. I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
Still crying?
Oh, no no no no. I see what you're doing here, alright, listen, this is my job buddy. Okay, I've had it for five years, and I know how it works, so why don't you just catch me up!
That's gonna take weeks. Why don't just let me take care of the presentation?
I know. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!!
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Hello, Mark? Hi, it's Rachel Green. Oh no, don't you apologize. Yeah, I'll hold. He left my number at work, but he was helping his niece with her report on the pioneers.
That's right good things, that-that is what I said.
Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I'm doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I'm doing something that I'm actually good at. I mean. if you don't get that...
Yes.
You guys are gonna love meee! Okay, check it out, Thursday night, five tickets, Calvin Klein lingerie show, and you guys are coming with me. Okay, I said that out loud right?
Hey!
I know. Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I'm gettin' something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Oh me too.
I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
You don't think I'm cute?
Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
Gee, I don't know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!
Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica's photo albums, I mean you don't do that if you're just in it for two weeks.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
It's not a cat!
Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
I thought it was ok when you slept with your old assistant Tag.
Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I've ever done. But I'm telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. Yes?
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn't shut up.
How'd did it go?
Barbara! Hi, how are you? Uh-huh. No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, pleaHello? Hello?
Excuse me. It's about the job.
Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else!
Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa....
Everybody!
Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Oh, hello Rachel.
Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Hm?
Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
Oh, um, no, no, no, no excuse me, hello. Hi. My friend ordered an onion, not an olive, and uh I ordered a rum and Diet Coke, which I don't think this is.
Okay, but after that, we're shootin' some pool.
No, I-I just don't know how you decide who to hire. I mean I've got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there's this guy...
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Joey! Come on! I don't wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like "Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?"
Well you're whippin' so slow! Can't you do it any faster?
Oh, I know, I know, it's-it's so, it's so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y'know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don't you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don't you think?
What?!
I don't know, you thought 'See you Saturday' was funny. Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with. You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.
Is that funny? Am I supposed to be laughing?
Ok...this could be a little awkward...I'm just going to blow past it... well can't you just use that method actor thing where you use your real life memories to help you in your performance?
Uh...well...just once...with you...
Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass". Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
Why do you even care if I was looking at her? Are you jealous?
Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually , but now she's actually stealing you.
It's that terrible?
Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too.
Yeah! You're the best!
Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what's up? I'm just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y'know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What's up?
Hey Rachel!
Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me.
Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else.
Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. See that's a good boy. How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Who's so brave, you're so brave, yes you are, you're so brave.
Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch.
Oh, okay, you're not a pushover.
I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know?
You have some life here, sweetie.
Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before... it happened.
I didn't realize that she was so close.
Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! Hi!
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower.
Be-cause Ross is the father of my child! You know... and I... want him to hook up with lots of women! I just... All I'm saying is... I don't think that Joey and Charlie have anything in common.
Yes Rachel, why do you care so much?
Hey! We were not on a-Okay. That's fine! Fine. Y'know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
'Cause you guys were on a break.
Ohh, it's Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So... What are you gonna do?
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo.
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let's do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, what's this called?
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
How'd it go?
I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... I meanI'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry.
What?
Y'know I can't even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can't believe how much I love her, I can't get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
God! Don't-We can't let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she'll be in the gown and then he won't show up and then she's gonna have to take off the gown...
I'm gonna start getting ready!
What the... DIAL IT DOWN! Listen, ok, and maybe they're crazy thoughts, but sometimes I do, I have, I've been thinking about... you know, us! Ok, dial it up a little!
A MONTH??
You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all.
Believe me, that is not why we won't be doing that!
Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.
Thank god you finally said that, I saw you make a note on your pad three hours ago. Man, I really bug you, don't I?
Oh, with the mother, just... just constantly tell her how amazing her son is. Take it from me, moms love me. Ross's mom one time actually said I'm like the daughter that she never had.
So... now... What about with Mike's mom?
What are you talking about? I love them! Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
It's a...tarantula! Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Phoebe, we can't, we just can't just let it happen! Okay, we have to do something! We have to break them up! Okay? Just go in there and like, shave her head! You owe me one bald girl!!
What?! What-what-what-what-what?!!
Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
I don't gossip!
Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
I know honey, I'm sorry.
Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y'know, it's-it's just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don't get to keep the gifts.
No, one man for the rest of my life? I don't know if I can do it! This means I'll never get to sleep with Joey!
I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... swans.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Umm. Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
No! It didn't! That's what I want to talk to you about. Now, just to brief you... I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
I thought it went very well.
Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
Really?
That's also the smaller piece. Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don't come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. Oh!!!!
All right, I'll pick that one.
Hello. But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ... I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.
Good morning!
No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it's just-And I know he's my assistant and I can't date him-but it just bothers me, all right?!
I'm right here!
Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard.
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
What's hard to believe?
Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men. You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in from branding cattle.
This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks.
Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Oh my God. I can't believe you live in that building. My grandmother lives in that building. Ida Green? No sense of personal space? Kind of smells like chicken? Looks like a potato.
It's huge.
I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emma's Paris stuff, these are the boxes that I'm having shipped, and that's the sandwich that I made for the plane...
Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.
Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don't want to win an award this way. You're very talented. And someday you're gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
I can scratch that right off.
But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
Oh my God! I bet that's him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh Hello? Or should I be Hi! It's Rach... Would you stop doing that?!
That is damning evidence.
You're right! I mean you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good!
Yes! I will! Absolutely! Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I'm glad. Rachel, I'd like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin'?
Will you call him?
See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Oh, that poor bastard.
Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
Yeah, maybe, but I don't think I even care. I don't think he's the one I'm sad about. Y'know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don't think I'm handling it all that well.
Ohh, sweetie! Hey, I bet you anything that he's gonna call you again.
Gunther... Oh... I love you too. Probably not in the same way, but I do. And, and when I'm in a cafe, having coffee, or I see a man with hair brighter than the sun, I'll think of you. Aw.
I... I don't know if that changes your plans at all, but I thought you should know.
Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. Wait wait, Monica said that when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?
Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any little thing comes up.
I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Remembered what?
Yeah! If you don't I will! Of course your body's gonna change. Your breasts are gonna get bigger, your ass is gonna get bigger, you're gonna lose bladder control. God! It's just such a magical time!
You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship.
Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn't want to seem to bossy.
Rach, I'm sorry, but you didn't give me any contracts!
Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
I thought you didn't smoke.
But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky."
Ohh! That would be great.
It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Remembered what?
Oh my God, I cannot believe this. You know I actually came in here hoping to have a mature conversation with youAbout us! But I can't do that with someone who hides my messages and brings crazy women back to my apartment!
I am the guy who's taking care of our baby while you're out at bars meeting guys!
Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. I lied.
She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your doorknob.
Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive when you're asleep.
Ok-dokey, Joey, listen. This is gonna be bridesmaid central, all right? We're gonna have hair and make-up going on in the bathroom and oh, I had to move a couple of things in the fridge to make room for the corsages.
Oh, happy my wedding day to you!
This is a very critical time right now. If you feel yourself reaching for that phone, then you go shoe shopping, you get your butt in a bubble bath. You want her back you have to start acting aloof.
Nooo!
And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening.
Uh-huh.
I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
She hates Pottery Barn?!!
Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn't call. I mean you'd think he'd be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.
Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Yeah, okay.
In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right?
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
Yeah, I know. I had the greatest day though, I got to sit in on the meeting with the reps from Calvin Klien. I told my boss I liked this line of lingerie, she ordered a ton of it. How was your day?
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
Oh my god.
Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I'm not saying that there's any connection here y'know, but they did tell me that's why they got divorced.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Well y'know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we'd jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they'd put salt on their cereal.
Really? Like how?
Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Rachel has a new doll.
It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling... Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Well I've forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Okay.
No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could.
Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
You're not gonna be phased out!
No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... : W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time.
Are you all right?
Come on Phoebe, look at that! They are not breaking up, look at them. Okay that's, you know what that is? That is a, that is a second date, that's what that is! Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...
Right, oh yeah. Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her. Uff, I hope he lets her down easy. Let's go.
Oh, and then, we got into this big, stupid fight. I just, it was awful. I told him he treats me like a park ranger, or something, oh and then I told him I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Nothing, he's just really believes in that.
Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don't think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn't for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it's gonna take patience, but that's ok.
Yeah, Monica made us!
What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I'm not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don't remember that, maybe you will remember this!
Okay. Well, it was great meeting you. And uh Rachel, I-I don't think I'll be calling you because umm, y'know you've gotten weird. Take care you guys.
Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing , my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that...
Because then I don't have to!
Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. Whup, okay. Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
We need more cards.
Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that have happened to me in the last ten years, would have happened if it wasn't for you. No-one has been more like a sister to me...
Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this. Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.
Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Hi? Sorry, we got disconnected...
That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
And you're not gonna do that.
Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what--Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
I'm thinking that you are looking really fine it that dress.
Look Joey, I'm sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
You have to respect the sea!
Mum, please!I know you love your new lips, but I can barely understand you! Would you, please, just let me say goodnight to my daughter? TV: "And number 29! Here we go! The Powerball is 7"
Come on!!
Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is-I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y'know the "Wouldn't it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Unless! She wants to spend the night holding my hair back for me.
Well Joey, you'll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y'know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y'know? So it's sorta like...
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right. Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right? Okay, great. You freak.
Yeah, listen, before I forget that side is still wet.
Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat.
C'mon! This looks good!
Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.
Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.
Hi! Uhh, do you guys have plans for the weekend? Because I have my sister on hold, and she said that we could use her cabin for the weekend and go skiing. Huh? I'm asking you first, right?!. I mean I'm playing by the rules.
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
Hey, hey, hey no.
Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
No, I'm sorry.
Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Normal.
So, if I wanna have my kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant...
If you could do that, I'd marry the hippity-hop.
Fine. Fine, but I'll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I'll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that's what you want!
I will be! Listen, I don't want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big chunk of my hair! And it was uneven for weeks!
Seriously?
Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
C'mon, what, you never think about our future?
Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Well okay, how about four hours in a freezing museum auditorium listening to Professor Pitstains and he's 'Hey everybody! Remember that thing that's been dead for a gazillion years. Well there's this little bone we didn't know it had!'
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
I just don't want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush-And I will get over it. It's-it's not like I love him, it's just physical! But-I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
What?!
No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
What?
Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can't do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There's just too much to do! It's impossible! We can't do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We're done!
Honey see, it doesn't mean that I don't love you. Because I do. I love you, I love you so much. But my work it's-it's for me y'know, I'm out there, on my own, and I'm doing it and it's scary but I love it, because it's mine. I, but, I mean is that okay?
That's a little clearer.
Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy.
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Hopefully.
It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
An advance?
Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
Okay!
Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I'm talking about! You have to be organized! You've got newspapers! You've got magazines! You got-Ohh! And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Okay! Feel free to look, but I'm telling you those contracts are not on this desk.
Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw, animal, sexual...
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Okay, well then how about a handshake? Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday!
Yes!
Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
It worked!
Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
Damnit Phoebe!!
Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
Oh, that's it? A great idea!
This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y'know you-I couldn't concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what's it's like to be 19 and in love.
It-it-The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
What?!
Yeah me too. oh! I have an idea. Why don't we all pitch in 50 bucks, we'll pool our money together and then if we win, we'll split it! Everyone almost simultaneously except Ross: yeah thats a great idea!
Hey will you get me tickets too?
No! No! No! I'm not yelling at you, I'm just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I'm my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I've been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin'. Oh, Joey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Yes! Yes! You did and you're still yelling at me!
Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
Oh.
Well, there you go. You win, you win. You get to do the presentation, you'll knock 'em dead, no one will ever remember that I worked here, and then Ralph will buy his helicopter, and Super Gavin will just fly right along side of him!
Well, then Gavin can give the presentation, okay, we have to do it now. Ralph needs to leave early today. He's going helicopter shopping.
What? Homo ergaster: Some scientists classify some African erectus specimens as belonging to a separate species, Homo ergaster, which differs from the Asian H. erectus fossils in some details of the skull .
I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. Or-or not!
Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
We have to have a surprise Bon Voyage party for Emily. But it's actually for Joshua. Look, he said he's not ready to date, so I had to invite him to a party if I wanted to see him outside of work, and now I have the perfect opportunity to seduce him!
Yeah, what' going on?
Oh, yeah! Real fun. Y'know, this bra... Really, bothers me. Y'know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y'know what they'd say? Wanna hear some memories?
So, this was uh, really fun.
But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
Yeah.
No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
I mean I think I'd say no to anybody right now. Oh, but it was so strange. I mean I'm standing there with this charming, cute guy, who's asking me to go out with him, which I'm allowed to do, and I felt guilty. Y'know, like I'd be cheating on Ross or something.
Huh.
Hey. Amy. You've got to stop doing that. Monica about to have a heart attack: Okay, listen I know you're having a little bit of a family crisis, but you don't have to take it out on the plates. I mean, I mean in fact I think that everyone should cut their food like this.
No, she was this really dorky girl in high school that used to follow Rachel around like a puppy dog.
All right. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? They said they were gonna wait! Miss? Yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my... Ross, you better be under the wheels of this thing!!
Okay, good. Thank you. I'll be back shortly, all right?
Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, andoh, I went to camp with her cousin... And, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Well, yeah, right, y'know what? Yeah, you're right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if ......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y'know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y'know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
I-I gotta say, I-I-I-I'm not too sure I agree with that.
I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever we need to make us feel comfortable.
Or facing a bitch of a commute.
No, she was already in, but then this big bitch behind me tried to steal my umbrella, so I clocked her. Ohhh! I can't believe this, all I wanted was a few hours outside of work to see Joshua, so he can go ahead and start falling in love with me.
So you hit her in the face?
I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door?
Huh?
Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we're gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner's office. Now, he doesn't get in until 10, so he's no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Okay Ross! Please don't die!
OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
C'mon Rachel.
Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? Okay.
That, you get? That, you get?
No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever.
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
It's not a cat!
Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
Waitressing?
The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y'know, I thought "well, there's mincemeat pie," I mean that's an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y'know. Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
W-What was the one right before bananas?
Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my pu rse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light.
I'm shipping out tomorrow.
No, no, no, I'm looking at a purchase order right here and it clearly states that we ordered the Rivera bikini in a variety of sizes and colours. And.... What does it matter, what I'm wearing?! Can I please speak to your supervisor? Thank you. We're holding.
Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you.
Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
This is weird for me!
Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
Wow.
Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Look, I am so...so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I'm not. I'm not even close. And I don't know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that's dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler!
What do you mean?
Yeah, totally! You are in such good hands. And I'm so good with meeting parents. With the father, you know, you want to flirt a little bit, but not in a gross way. Just kind of like: "Oh mr. Pincer, I can see where Wallis gets his good looks..."
I'm sorry honey, but we're gonna take you shopping. It's gonna be fine.
Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. I think that one was Ross's, and I thinkohthat one was Ross's. Yes! : Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it...
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush.
Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
I'll treat you real nice.
All right. Look. Gavin...I...I guess I felt guilty that you were here, which I shouldn't. You know Ross and I are not inany relationship but...he is the father of my child, and you know we do live together and plus there is just so muchhistory...you know it's just...I don't know, I'm sorry, I'm just all over the place.
You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time. I used to be arodeo clown.
Sometimes just nodding is ok. Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart, that is fun and that you care about!
Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep.
Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of that I possibly can...
Right!
But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y'know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, and I will be gone by the end of the day! Well, I guess there's no use to me sticking around 'til the end of the day!
What?! What would make you think that?
Hi! So I'm out having lunch at Monica's and this guy starts talking to me, and it turns out he works for a buyer at Bloomingdale's and there happens to be an opening in his department. So I gave him my phone number and he's gonna call me this weekend to see if he can get me an interview!
Hi!
So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
I guess so.
Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
What do you mean?
Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
So what happened?
Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure.
Good.
No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that's not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don't we, why don't we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Ms. Monroe... Oh there you go.
Don't say that I have no sentiment! This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! This is from the museum from the first time we... were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? Okay.
Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! Hey, look at that, the airport's moving. Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we're moving? Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! No! No! Emily!
Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It's a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.} Congratulations. Mazel Tov! Hi! Oh, great hat. Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that?
Okay.
You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Yeah.
Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
No, look, don't touch that!
So, Spin The Bottle works like this I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther's face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
What big thing?
Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Thanks.
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message.
I'm outa here.
Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It-y'know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Okay.
Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
No, not my touchie.
...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you've grown. Y'know? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater." Ooh, I just wish we hadn't lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
What? Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Yeah, it is the best.
Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. A smile goes a long way. And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
No, so I don't have to get married until I'm 33! That's three years, that's three whole years-Oh, wait a minute though. I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged... Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm thirty.
Really! That long?! Look all you want, it's happening!
Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... Okay... Great... Great... All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. Okay... Bye. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Hello? Hello?
Oh, I know, I know, the odds are against us, but somebody has to win, and it could be us! And then how you gonna feel? You know, we're gonna be all like "oh everybody, let's take our helicopters up to the cape" and you're gonna be all like "oh, I can't guys, I'll meet you guys up there, I gotta gas up the Hyundai"
Uh, you're not gonna win.
Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it's ridiculous! I mean, they're gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they've done and they're call the whole thing off. I'm telling ya, you're gonna be dancing at my wedding before you're dancing at there's.
What?
Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes.
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! They have to learn!
Rach, she's not going to remember this.
Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful woman. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Oh, really?
Because , because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel was like, "You are such an idiot!"
Why are you laughing?
Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! Damnit! Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Okay, yeah, I just wanted a cat.
Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Oy.
They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, "Look how much money we've got!" Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
And that's Pete's Mom.
It's a truffle. It's got all of these layers. First there's a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top!
Yeah, yeah, what is it?
Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
No.
No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl's apartment! That is a boy's apartment, it's dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It's-it's so pretty! And look, and it's-it's purple! And I'm telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Oh, Ross, this is just so messed up! What's wrong with us? You know when people hear about our situation theyAlways ask, "what, you live together but you're not a couple? And you have a baby, isn't that weird? And I say "No.You know what, it's not, because it works for us! But you know this doesn't work. In fact this is the opposite of working!
None of the sane ones wanted to come back with me! That's not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the oneWho moved on and didn't tell anyone!
Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
You would think.
Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I've known them separately and I've known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Oh! That's nice.
Because it is too damn hard Ross. I can't even begin to explain to you how much I'm gonna miss you. When I think about not seeing you every day, it makes me not want to go... Okay, so if you think that I didn't say goodbye to you because you don't mean as much to me as everybody else, you're wrong. It's because you mean more to me. So there, all right, there's your goodbye... Oh!
Fine, then why didn't you say something?
Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen.
Really?
Well, my boss was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So later he calls me to his office and he tells me that he's gonna have to let me go, because I'm not a team player. And I said "Wait a minute! Yes I am." and I had to sit there for 45 minutes while he proved that that in fact... was true.
What are you, what are you talking about? How did this happen?
I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
No. What ever happened to that little dude. So full of dreams...
Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Yeah. It's just gonna be too hard. Y'know? I mean, it's Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y'know it's just, it's for the best, y'know it is, it's... Y'know, plus, somebody's got to stay here with Phoebe! Y'know she's gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Nooooo. You're really not going?
Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you.
Oh.
Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster's Dictionary defines marriage as... Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh... I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old.
Go!
Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h--arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy.
I don't think so dear.
Hey, y'know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it'll be Valentine's Day, then my birthday, then bang!-before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! Y'know, I want a man!! I mean, it doesn't even have to be a big relationship, y'know, just like a fling would be great.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
So what happened?
What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here's a little purse that I found. Y'know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Oh that's so sweet thanks.
Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I , hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir.
Here let me...
I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean congratulations on all the cash, and-and y'know--Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
Then why did she ask us to...
Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age. Oh, a couple things. Now that she's eating solid food, she poops around the clock. And watch out for your hair, 'cause she likes to grab it. And oh, she's also in this phase where if you leave the room, she screams bloody murder, but ah... Thanks, you guys. Have fun!
Oh, it's perfect.
Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. I'm naked! Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully.
Okay, London 1...
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I don't want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying that I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place?
All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the pajmena. And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner.
Right! But, I am sorry.
Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister!
C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Yeah?
Hi, Mindy. Hi, it-it's Rachel. Yeah, I'm fine. I-I saw Barry today. Oh, yeah, yeah he-he told me. No, no, it's okay. I hope you two are very happy, I really do. Oh, oh, and Mind, y'know, if-if everything works out, and you guys end up getting married and having kids- and everything- I just hope they have his old hairline and your old nose. Okay, I know it was a cheap shot, but I feel so much better now.
Oh shut up!
What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that's-that's not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It's-it's, they're-they're wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale's, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.
Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me. And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too...
That's right.
I'm funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I've got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear-Do you want a good one? Here's a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? And then you say to person, I bet you can't roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they're left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Yeah, you're funny.
Ross, hi. It's me. I just got back on the plane. And I just feel awful. That is so not how I wanted things to end with us. It's just that I wasn't expecting to see you, and all of a sudden you're there and saying these things... And... And now I'm just sitting here and thinking of all the stuff I should have said, and I didn't. I mean, I didn't even get to tell you that I love you too. Because of course I do. I love you. I love you. I love you. What am I doing? I love you! Oh, I've gotta see you. I've gotta get off this plane.
He went home. He didn't want to see anybody.
Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Okay then.
Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? Are people eating my dip?
And then... your face is bloated?
You know what, I'm gonna do that, I'm gonna call him up, and I'm gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. How you doin'? Hi! Joshua? It's Rachel Green from Bloomingdale's. Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we- the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let's see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye. You've done that a thousand times?
Hey, how you doin'?
It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset becasue nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just...
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys.
Sure.
Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- Marcel? Marc-
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Okay... aahhh... Please laugh for mommy... Please? Please laugh for mommy... Not funny huh? Oh so, is it... only offensive novelty rap? Or maybe just, you know, rap in general? 'Cause mommy can rap... My name is mommy and I'm here to say / that all the babies are... Oh, I can't rap... Allright sweetheart... This is only because I love you so much, and I know that you're not gonna tell anybody... I like... big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... / when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and a round thing in your face... Yes! Yes! Yes! YES! Oohhhhh! Oh! I like big butts and I cannot lie... / You other brothers can't deny... Oh Emma you're laughing! Oh you are, you really do like big butts, don't you. Oh you beautiful little weirdo...
What are you guys doing? Oh my God, is that Richard?
Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against. So she didn't want to sue him. Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got courage, you got integrity, you got courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr...
Fair enough.
