Y'know I'm-I'm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife!
I don't know. I can't tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Oh! That's great, they haven't seen the place since I moved in!
Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
Who walks into a room and asks to see a person's hands?!
Yes, but in Ross's case, they both know in two weeks that's it.
Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?
Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.
Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Okay Bob listen uhh, I'm the reason you didn't get the job up here.
Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.
Look, I'm sorry! But there's nothing I can do, I think I'm in love with her!
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you!
Y'know, if you listen closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then.
Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. Hi, I'm Chandler.
Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called Get Up.
Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
It's-it's about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now.
Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Why don't you go up on stage. I'll get a picture of you doing the speech.
All right. "My husband is sleeping with his secretary." She's married!
Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Thanks for trying. Oh, and by the way there is no Count Rushmore!
So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'?
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.
Well, this was great. I'll give you a call. We should do it again sometime.
Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part.
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that's because I didn't send him an invitation.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look.
Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I'll be your boyfriend.
Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach?
Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm just finishing packing.
Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon?
I'm up! I'm up, I've gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything?
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
How did you guys find me? I knew I should've hid at the gym!
You know, once youre inside, you dont have to knock any more.
Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people!
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to stop catching on fire.
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Yeah! I'm just pretending to watch the game so I don't have to help out with stuff.
Ah, well, maybe thats, ah, because youre getting a big raise.
Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! She's-she's gonna kill me.
Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death .
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don't make my tail too poofy.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
'kay, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again.
Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know..
Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Oh, okay, I have condom in my wallet that I've had since I was twelve.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Of course I'm awake. Assume from now on that I'm always awake!
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place.
Oh, and Ive got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in Gym.
Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?
For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.
Well, I just thought it'd make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
I'm full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I'll regret it.
Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you.
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in...vegetables, Joey?
Okay. And it's not just chicks y'know? It's all kinds of other animals!
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
All right, if I do this, can we at least discuss sex on the balcony?
Cheese you say? That's some pretty smelly work, huh Don?
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell.
Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless .
Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions.
yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
Y'know, it's been a while since we've screamed something. Maybe we should.
I don't know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can't see?!
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up.
Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
I figured I'd buy those. Pat, I'd like to buy a vow.
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party.
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" "I do".
Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on!
Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four!
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Thanks, Phoebe. But I just don't really see myself in a big white hat.
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
I cannot believe Ross told you that! And in my defense, it was a Wendy's!
It's a hand. It's a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder.
Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.
Uhh, that was Joey. He's running a little late, he says he's sorry.
Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail.
This is exactly the kind of social situation that I am not comfortable with!
I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!
Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
All right!! Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here.
Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes-no big deal.
Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment.
No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen though, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Oh it's always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there.
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again.
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume...
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
Look forget it okay? I don't want to go. I don't want to see him. I don't wanna.
This reminds me of a very specific part of the tape. Okay, here we go.
Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here.
Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his!
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?!
It's your parents' anniversary and you're going to talk about their dead pet?
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?
Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good.
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. It's oddly unsettling.
Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd?
I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
I-I can't believe Jill's gone. I can't help it, I opened a gate.
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
Oh good. Good, because I'm sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? Who said that?
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here.
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush.
You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya?
Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
Well this is great! I'll give you a call! We should do it again sometime!
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we-we were looking for something...
AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT! *Opening Credits*
Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon?
Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God.
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty traditional...
It's not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Really? What do you do? You just sit in there stewing in your own filth.
That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
She's right! If I were a guy and... Did I just say if I were a guy..?
I'm sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow.
You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long.
Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going?
Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird...turtle-man?
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?!
You can't wear that! I'm wearing the famous tux! James Bond's tux!
Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Oh, well, ah... maybe thats because theyre ah... jealous, of us.
When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
I'll make something up! I'm good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy!
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn't hang out with...all the guys in my office.
Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y'know who also has great hair is Joey!
Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying "Go to your room! You're grounded"?
Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. Oh hey! There you go. Okay.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you.
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you.
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.
Oh, they said uh, "You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us."
Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby?
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
The bath salts! They're starting to effervesce! It's different. It's interesting.
All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, it's over.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly?
Yes, yes, it's just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross.
Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl!
Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE.
Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do?
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one.
If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best.
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant.
What?! I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook.
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don't ya?
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows?
Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Then, I might as well ... do this . Not really sure what to do now.
Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I'm, I'm smoking still.
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair.
No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!!
So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
Hi! I'm back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, we'll do it then. Okay, bye-bye.
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Yeah, it's two guys in a ring, and the rules are "There are no rules."
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Don't try to sway her. I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79!
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it's a little creepy. Y'know? I'm not a bachelor anymore.
Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up.
Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating.
Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party...
Oh, And We Should Warn You, Before You Watch It don't watch it.
Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now.
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
I'm sorry, we're just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with.
It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong!
A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Well he's probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever.
Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel!
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who's going like this...
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in
It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
Okay, there are no famous Joey's. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you're still gonna date him?
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back.
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
I don't think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!!
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Maybe, isn't she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today?
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon...
Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us.
You're gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Y'know what? It's gonna be okay. Y'know what? She's probably not gonna even want to come.
Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth.
Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I said...
Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little.
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Okay. But if you don't come back soon, there's pretty much nothing I can do about it!
All right, all right, I'll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys.
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife's a reverend, that's important to you?
Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. Oh, that does it too.
Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows!
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Oh, she's got you running errands, y'know, picking up wedding dresses... Wah-pah!
You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody.
Where did you, when did you, how did you... How did you get a girl like that?
I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me.
Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper.
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt.
WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!!
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Not to shabby, I got this all off myself...using my wife's tools. Oh my God!
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Oh yeah, that's very nice. Plus, y'know they were free and they're too small.
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
All my energy is going into not asking that question. I can't believe I screwed this up!
I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one.
Okay! Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Y'know, I would've bet good money that he'd be the first one of us to get married.
C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless.
You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!!
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I'm afraid even more sweating.
Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout.
Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet.
Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is!
Oh no, it's gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn't it?
Monica, there are no words... There are no words! This should not be this hard!
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be.
Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle?
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Well... we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote.
Hey! Here's a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Okay, here's the thing. We're gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you're drunk.
Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed!
That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
Ahh, come on! Y'know what-y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy.
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas.
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was!
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise.
I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it.
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable.
What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about?
Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room.
Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four?
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself!
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
No Rach, it's not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn't that much fun.
Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
I wasn't trying to open your closet! I wasn't trying to open your closet! I swear!
OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym.
Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did.
Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred.
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion.
How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Oh that's great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go.
Okay, so I guess that's about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don't like the guy Rachel's dating? Well, that's odd.
Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes...
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do?
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y'know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
All right. I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor.
No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a...
Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. I got her machine.
Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
Okay. You opened all the presents without me?! I thought we were supposed to do that together!
If it's not, then there's two of them. And that would mean it's the end of the world!
Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.
Oh, come on, there's a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo.
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
Forget it! Okay, I'm not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
What's wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? On a barbecue chicken pizza? No?
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you.
Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between 'em.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person!
Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk.
Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright.
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously.
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Joey just called. He's got courtside Knicks tickets for him and me tomorrow night.
Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting.
Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean!
Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
I'd like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable.
I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
I'm not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper.
Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
No. No. We're not gonna do that, y'know why? Because its not an even trade.
Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits!
This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor?
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
I Understand who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party?
Uh Joe, when it's one o'clock in the morning and you don't come by? That's okay!
Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this?
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
Sure, why don't you set it up. I'll just be over here, browsing through the personals.
No I'm serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life.
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave! What?
I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said?
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this.
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. I'll get out of it.
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Ladies, ladies, let's just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica's bra.
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her?
Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry.
You got it. Good woman! Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately.
You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her.
Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you!
I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one.
Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife.
All right Joey, be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.
Oh-no-no-no! Don't! Don't! See-see, you're getting me confused, I'm starting to urn.
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary?
We're going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else's subconscious.
And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable.
I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Hello. It's Gandolf!!! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then.
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it.
Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time.
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.
Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear!
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn't say 'cool' anymore.
I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right?
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth.
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him!
Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head.
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh-are you okay?
Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other?
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; and we get married here tonight.
Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! It's been six months! It's not funny!
Okay. I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna go find her and I'm just going to propose!
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
This is so exciting! It's so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya?
Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... what happens to cranberry sauce?
OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen.
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break?
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what?
It's a baby! A beautiful little baby! And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see.
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this...
No, if crazy plate lad.. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right?
Who's number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play.
Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you?
No, we're still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Okay... You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age.
So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago.
So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin.
That's good! I liked it, they didn't. Joey, for God's sake, go to work! .
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.
Ooh, that girl that I hate, eww, drives me crazy, eww, eww, oh!
Honey, I don't like baths! Could you draw me a picture of us having sex on the balcony?
We don't. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Let's just say if I can't find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
Should we tell Rachel there's an empty private room right next door to hers?
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse.
Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV.
Yes, I distinctly remember 'cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Y'know it's funny I started it but, now it's scary me. So could you come out here please?
I can not believe that I am going out with someone that is getting divorced. I'm such a grown up.
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her.
Oh, don't thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.
The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!
Yeah, that's like the most ugliest dress I've ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebe's secret?
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Let me see this guy. W-H-Wow! Don't show this to Monica! And don't tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15.
Its not just that shes cute, okay. Its just that... shes really really cute.
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back.
We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it.
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you?
You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. I'm so glad you here.
Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater.
Honey, I'm gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Oh Maria. You can't say no to her, she's like this lycra spandex covered gym...treat.
How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany.
Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
No way! If anything you've gotta let me win! My wife thinks I'm a wimp!
Oh! Uh, yeah! Is this a cold pizza talk or a leftover meatloaf talk?
It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right?
It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee.
Y'know what you should do, just toss 'em in the shedder and claim you never got 'em.
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
At what point did it stop being funny that I took her passport? OPENING SEQUENCE.
Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though.
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
Y'know when I said that because we're getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it."
Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you.
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick.
Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion.
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Look, it's my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Well, it's just interesting. You know, because no one will ever know, because no one can experience both.
Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Uhh yeah. Yeah, it's right, right down there. Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why?
I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist.
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's...
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
Yes, but if it's any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it.
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
I can't believe you didn't tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!
Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway!
Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
Goin' out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn't work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area?
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
I don't know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked all those insightful, great questions.
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I'm related to Monica. How is she?
Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives?
They don't really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. Amouz-bouche?
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program!
It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us.
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn't it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. Was it just me?!
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Well, why don't you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!
It was terrible. I fought with my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this?
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... Can you hold for one second please? What?!
You know what... these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya?
Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! What's going on little elves?
Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Shhhhhhhhh!!! I'm sorry, I thought maybe I'd make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat?
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
We were wondering what was taking so long with the gift, but now we understand you were doing this.
I thought we weren't gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y'know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!
Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there?
I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don't know if he has what it takes.
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving?
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog!
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack?
All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want.
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope.
Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right?
No, honey you're not sick! Look, I don't love you because you're organized, I love you in spite of that.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there.
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won't you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me!!
All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones!
Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing.
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!!
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go.
Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.
Okay, well I'm gonna get Ross, get the cameras, and get them developed. 32 Joe. You're 32!
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Well y'know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
OH...MY...GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn't tell her we were getting married, did you?
Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed.
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen!
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high?
Y'know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya?
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... ..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me?
No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!
See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything?
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Guys? I've got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
So, shouldn't we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go...snooping around her crotch?
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr. Peanut than Mr. Salty.
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal.
Okay, thanks... They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness.
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years.
Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it.
Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Look, she's really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock.
All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up.
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this.
Y'know what? I don't trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I'm takin' it back!
Her ass print is still on your grandmother's quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend At Bernie's is on Showtime, HBO, and Cinemax.
Well, I did and it hurt. That's when I wrote the song: "Betrayal In The Common Room".
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get.
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don't want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them.
It's incredible, I mean one minute she's inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
Honey, isn't it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her....
Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I'm exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter.
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you?
Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him.
Oh actually, I'd rather you...Yeah, go ahead. We're gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it...
Sure! That's one of the great things about being engaged. I'm not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore.
That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious.
Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
That's still yours. Okay, now remember it's a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed.
Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there's another reason too.
Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did.
Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband.
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose.
Ok, go quick! Ross: Thank you for a delightful stay. Ross: Oh, my maple candy!
I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet... I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Look, I'm telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place.
...also I was the point person on my company's transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system.
You hear that? You may not be with your families, but at least it's gonna smell like ham in here.
Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Really?! I-I thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
I think I know what you mean though...the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs ...oh, you already got that.
Hm-hmm, I told you! I can't believe that I've only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?!
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush?
All right look, I think it's time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times.
Oh, don't worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory.
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
I had too okay?! We're getting married! Married couples can't keep secrets from one another!
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here.
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when you're not working here?
Definitely roses. Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half.
What I do do...is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Y'know I was thinking if we had a...a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours...
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse.
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon?
Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Oh, great. We have to watch him do yoga in his underwear, but for this he closes the drapes!
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Of course, I didn't get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna's such a big, dull dud!
This is probably the wrong thing to be worrying about, but... you're getting ham on my only tie.
Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys?
Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
99...100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Janice I didn't even know you were pregnant! Who's the unwitting human who's essence you've stolen?
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants!
See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you.
OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn.
You know what? You don't need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump.
Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him with your cowboy boots in the air...
Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors.
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level.
Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel.
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdale's with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Well, if we're gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y'know alphabetically or by genre?
Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom.
Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we'll make time to hang out with each other.
Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn?
Yeah, I'd love to but I've tried that so many times they won't even let me in the store anymore.
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Wow, Ralph Lauren is really going out of there way to show they're not in the baby buying business.
Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
The reason we haven't told them we're together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Umm ma'am, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I don't think I can move to Tulsa.
Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me.
Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch.
Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the Annie soundtrack.
Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
...I think you'll find if I come to work here, I don't micro-manage. I don't shy away from delegating.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
I don't know! Joey hasn't had this much trouble getting out words since we saw him in Macbeth!
I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store.
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!!
Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . .
Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. Bye-bye. Oh God!
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid.
So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down.
Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression.
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we're unhappy forever. Sound good?
Why? Why-why-would you-Wh-why... Look, I just don't want you to think that we're animals who do it whenever we want.
Yeah, I mean we've got a lot going on right now. And, plus, here they'd have their own room.
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Well, I didn't do anything. I didn't want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom.
Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it.
Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it.
Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?
Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
And I love the milk! But, I'm not gonna some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now.
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud.
You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules.
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op!
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you?
No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y'know you can't date him right?
Putting on the sneakers... thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything.
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
Come on, don't be crazy. You don't think there's someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya?
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp.
Well, let's just say it's ironic how footage of someone being born can make you want to kill yourself.
Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five!
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye.
Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick!
If they can't find a home for her, they kill her! And I'm not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine!
Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth.
Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!!
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there's nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
Honey, it's 2:00 on a Wednesday and I'm watching Road Rules, how stressed do you think I am?
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them?
well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NY.C!
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Oh, you dont know. Helen, could you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinders raise?
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Well it's just my entire family was run out of Scotland by...Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.
Good! I haven't smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal.
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. Yeah we are.
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple?
All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair!
All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins.
Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go!
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very &ndash;
I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm".
My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it.
Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing?
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats!
Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not.
Who says you can't get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
Oh, uh, I... don't... care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
I hope you know what I'm giving up for ya, because she's not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name.
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi!
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, you're doing great. You're doing great. You're doing fine.
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood."
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn't broke a chair, is me!
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian.
Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory!
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house.
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I'm going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny."
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy.
I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child?
I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out?
Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married.
Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now.
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it.
Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper!
Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow.
Sorry, I just don't like the idea of when I say, "I do," he's thinking, "Yeah, I'd do her too!"
Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a couple. We're definately not a couple.
They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small.
Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress.
Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve.
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Well, she probably wasn't familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. I added the "a-gogo."
I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar.
Yes! It's flown into your blouse and you'd better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Y'know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing.
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.
I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Wait a minute, it's perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we're in a building that's full of beds!
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head.
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Well this is great. Y'know, those cameras were the only thing that was gonna cheer Monica up today, she's really depressed.
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she'd know I was okay.
I'm so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should've seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago?
Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."
We share a wall! So either he's great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I've missed the last 1200 times.
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when...
Oh, it's not important? It's not important?! If it wasn't for a bride's maid you'd be marrying him not me!
Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: "Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you?"
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we're trying to get to play at the wedding?
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
Don't worry, I'm brave! I am brave! I...I am brave! No-no-no-no!! Can you tell me who is there please?
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.
Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it.
No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum.
Where the hell is everybody? Bitter lady: Why don't you like me?! Chapter One: My first period.
Bladder Control Problem Stop Wife Beating Hemorrhoids? Winner of 3 Tony Awards...
Y'know what, I can handle it, handle's my middle name. Actually it's the ah, middle part of my first name.
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us.
And that became 'they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it's not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tin foil off.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection.
Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
I don't know if I've told you this, but he's kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Well, thanks a lot for hookin' me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him.
Remember that big party? Freshman year? A week before Christmas vacation? I do. You had some visitors.
That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
I... thought it was a timely start to thinking about other people. Besides, this gift still says I love you guys.
But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
Oh y'know, I've been living here a while and I've never seen what's inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight.
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it's uh it's mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list.
Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours?
And you... Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?!
Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.
Nooo!! She's really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye!
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer.
What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!!
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didn't ask me to go do it with her in the vault.
But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. . . That's not the way to convince you.
Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade!
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her.
I-no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here.
Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What's wrong with me? Ooh, don't open that door.
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It's called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time.
Yeah! I... I... I liked it! But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy.
Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit.
I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though.
Well, I'm upset-for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.
Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were around ten-ish?
...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Exactly. Weekend At Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow.
Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? I heard it.
But I'll tell you something. One of these days we're get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
'Candy and Cookie'. 'Candy and Cookie?' Monica got me porn?! Girl-on-girl porn?! She really must love me!!
So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
I don't know; I'm not used to girls making passes at me! ... Wait a minute... am I sexy in Oklahoma?
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I'm buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Wait a minute, wait. You're telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn't want you back?!
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I've ever known in real life.
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Man, if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit.
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
Wish it! Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy.
Say your son never feels connected to you, as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking!
One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here.
Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together!
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us?
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? I'm right, right?
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win!
Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come.
Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof.
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical malpractice? Choked on his own moustache?
And I'm the happiest guy in the world! Oh honey, come on don't be upset. We still have so much to look forward to!
Yes, yes I am. Err, listen, the reason that I called you in here today was, err... please dont hate me.
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track.
Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat.
Oh, come on! It's not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I'm pretty much just in there by myself.
Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period!
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late."
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he'll never be President. There's never gonna be a President Joey.
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen!
Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York.
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it.
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
You know, you should really go on this show. All right, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What'd ya' say?
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it's romantic, but because I can!
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
We're trying to get pregnant. Y'know I'm not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?
There's gonna be a wedding. You're gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about.
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion.
Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas.
Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum.
"Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok?" "Oh, thank you very much!" Yeah, I'm going to Vermont...
We're doomed. Okay, they're gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
I have a weird feeling about this place. How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet.
So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not.
Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff".
Yeah, this is so good, that I'm gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.
I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this.
Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by the end of the year. If I don't get it done, I'll be fired.
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
So you understand, I'd feel a lot more comfortable if you didn't tell people what happened. Y'know, I'm a little...I'm a little embarrassed about it.
Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room.
Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your families. It's bad enough that we're working New Year's Eve.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family?
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this one's nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped.
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Well Joey, I'm a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin!
Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys... except for the tie, the briefcase... and the fact that I can rent a car.
Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Here's a picture of Ross. And that's me. And that's me and Ross. Oh-ho, that is a picture of our first kiss as a married couple.
Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her.
Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie.
Young! You're a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody's ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Okay! I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight.
I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants!
Because, if Santa and the Holiday...Armadillo? ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army...
You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you.
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day!
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.
That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard.
And err, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly, in fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy.
Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you're going down the same path, but you're really going down different ones.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. If! I said, "If it helps!"
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwearyou want it to be dirty?
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday.
Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Secret? Married people aren't supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? : "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Uh, Yes. Yes. Ive just been going over your data here, and little thing, youve been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Well, I have a girlfriend, I'm-I'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. Nothing.
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
No, no. It-it's not about the swearing, it's more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock.
This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps a tape so he can... look at it whenever he wants.
Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy?
Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457. And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.
He was asking all these questions about you, me, and London. And, of course the glue that holds this all together, the rules.
Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle.
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer.
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right?
Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
This is unbelievable. Its been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, youd be looking like a ham right about now.
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor.
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place.
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, Huh? Huh? Huh?
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you.
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what good could possibly come from watching? Well, we know I'm gonna watch it.
Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam.
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can't just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You're gonna get peep eye!
I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over.
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi!
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
I know. See, yes. That's Yasmine Bleeth, she's a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways.
Okay. Here's a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Did I not tell *anyone* about New Year's Eve? -- Alright, look, go! Go home, okay? Merry Christmas! Go.
You know, I don't get this. A month ago, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean I'm a different person.
Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side!
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
No-no, he's not back yet, but he'll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
Okay. Okay. Yes honey, I made it myself. I can't do it. I can't do it. Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!!
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.'
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
I don't know, but don't worry, don't worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down...
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.
Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes.
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff.
Well what is wrong with me? Am I .. am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
This is like figure skating team all over again. I mean synchronized swimming. I mean- I mean the balance beam. Help me!
It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. It means...
Oh, yes. Well it's very beautiful. It's cream-colored and tight I don't mean tight, I mean it's not too tight, not that I was looking at-
Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once.
No! No! I don't want him to know we're yet! I'm not sure I'm ready for that. And besides he's not gonna be too happy to see me either.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross!
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS.
Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring.
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner.
Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know . . . I didn't think you'd understand.
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check's in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can't wait to read your book Ross!!
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
All right, y'know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You've ruined it! Go home! You've ruined it! You've ruined it!
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It's a whole big boob story.
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
I don't know. Except that, for one last time... Good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game.
Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want me to say it? This sucks. Being here sucks! This work sucks!
Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there....
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital 'R'! Capital 'T'! Don't worry, those are the right letters.
I don't know what that's like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, "I love you," was, "Oh crap!"
No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You're going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelle's and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
That's not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don't feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class.
Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and "Oh My God"!
Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating.
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this.
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here.
Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No!
So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog.
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window.
Finally, I figure I'd better answer it, and it turns out it's my mother, which is very-very weird, because- she never calls me!
Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, so is the position of the bride.
Oh that's great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it's like yuck! It's terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Because you've only known her for six weeks! Okay, I've got a carton of milk in my fridge I've had a longer relationship with!
Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment!
Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way.
One of life's great, unanswerable questions. I mean, who knows? Maybe there's something even more painful than those things? Like this.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David!
This isn't one of those uh, y'know "If she doesn't come, we-we don't, we don't come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him.
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
So this is nice! I wish I didn't have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, what's the name the girl you're dating?
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beer's still cold. Something terrible must've happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here!
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues.
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.
Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship......
Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party.
Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal.
Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Well, I got a job interview. It's kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and I'd be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring.
Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something?
Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don't talk to anyone.
Well he doesn't have to know! It's not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Yeah! It's a stupid job, and I could not stand leaving you. And why should I be the only one who doesn't get to do what he *really* wants to do?
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane!
Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go .
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... Save it for inside!
No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right?
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. Alright babe, deal the cards.
I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person.
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
I'm telling ya, Joanna's got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, 'This was fun. Let's do it again sometime. I'll give you a call.'
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick!
That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done!
I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape of your wife in another guys' apartment... Wouldn't you need to know what was on it?
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself, or others.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club doesn't slip out of my hand and beat the moustache off his face.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" And it starts right now!
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently.
Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, and I think my testacles may be in here too.
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday.
Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
You kidding? You're the most beautiful woman in most rooms... Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What's going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Now sweetie, I know you don't like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has a...supple leather lining.
No, it's not like, like Phil Spiderman. He's a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there's no Gold Man.
Hah. May not wanna mention this. So, you ever wonder which is worse, you know; going through labor or getting kicked in the nuts?
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem.
oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to... come here and do... 'that'...
Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!!
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!'
It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year.
Trust me, you don't want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Joey kept screaming at me, "Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!" Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this.
You are an amazing wife. No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile!
Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya?
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!!
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack.
Nope... Hey... so I'm gonna... put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time.
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute! Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean?
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here. "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979."
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert.
Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet?
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up!
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbianI don't think we need a third...
Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right aboutthere, but it turned out to be a little piece of chocolate.
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight.
You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!!
Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"!
You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight?
No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don't think they exist.
Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
It's a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I'd move to Tulsa, I didn't really know what I was saying.
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..."
Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. .
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea!
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here!
I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out..
Okay. Uh, we'll dim the lights, dim the lights. Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go.
Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser.
Y'know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You're half Scottish right?"
I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. Although I-I hope they don't.
Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. It's spreading already.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you're chances are pretty good. All right.
Oh, and don't get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It's just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it's making all the other guys jealous.
Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them.
This is okay. We're all adults here; there's nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let's put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door.
Look at these videos. You know, I mean, who does he think he is? Magnum Force, Dirty Harry, Cool Hand Luke... Oh my God!
That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals!
Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it?
All right, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, what's the big deal? Y'know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it's going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We're not even sure why we're having it.
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River.
Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife?
Yeah! No! No! No! Don't fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably won't spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs.
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life.
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out.
Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things.
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn?
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can't believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I can't believe that you would have a tux that's thirty years old!
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Don't go! I'm sorry. I'm so sorry! Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him! Or, call an ambulance.
Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking.
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Now Monica, I know you're upset, but don't forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there's going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: if youre ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand... ..on the desk.
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area.
No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Well, look it's been a really emotional time y'know, and you've had a lot to drink. And you've just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Look, we've always talked about having babies someday. I'm not saying it has to be right now, but I'm starting to think that we can handle it. We're good. We're really good.
Y'know, it'll be okay. It'll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we'll tell 'em.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you'd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now!
Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper.
Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing.
No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? No? Divorce?
It was fine, y'know? But she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I'm all right with it."
It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!!
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds.
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... ...now I wish I was dead.
It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the first time I've ever enjoyed football... It may be customary to get a beer... What the... What are you doing?
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
And people say you don't pay attention. No, this is a much better job. It's vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.
I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place!
Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I can't wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together.
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god!!
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them.
Well, you're gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we're switching it back! There's nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
What do you think she's just gonna sit there quietly? You don't think she's gonna want to make a toast? You don't think she's gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism.
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm inputting my numbers, and big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
I don't know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy's car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish.
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
Y'know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers. No? Really? They taste so good.
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
I'm not worried, I'm uh, I'm fascinated. Y'know it's like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me.
Maybe. Unless they're like two people who have lived in apartments next to each other for years, and then one day they're pushed through a vagina and they meet.
And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down-let's write it down!
Oh hey. I'd shake your hand but uh; I'm really into the game. Plus, I think it'd be better for my ego if we didn't stand right next to each other.
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!
It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
Well, it's just the reason that I'm asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to-I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn't.... There huh-hmm, there-there was an incident.
Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned.
No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He's not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that's like a third or fourth date kinda thing.
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! It's a beautiful selection.
You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West!
Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her...
Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Oh, because we love kids. Love 'em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that's when I uh, saw this. New York.) Yeah, y'know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can't be scary.
I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family.
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there's a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! "It's almost as good as being there."
Hey, y'know what we can do? Y'know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y'know like we did when we were first going out. It'd be fun!
No. No, I won't. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn't want you to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride's maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you're not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can't leave in the small apartment after we've lived here! Didn't you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.
You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Look around, you guys. This was your first home. And it was a happy place, filled with love and laughter. But more important, because of rent control, it was a friggin' steal!
Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits.
Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook!
Do you think that there's a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you're driving into town there's-there's like a sign, and it says "You're in Sample."
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
And, ah, you know, your fooling around with her. And you get all these like, mental images in your brain, you know, like Elle MacPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place....
I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay.
Okay, it's just weird! Okay? I don't want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need...I don't know what I need. I need a walk.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can't get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I'm cold, and
Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks!
Hey, y'know what, if you're gonna do that, if you're gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and he's very loveable, once you get to know him.
"Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped himdrink his wine." So you just touch yourself for anything?
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Yes, here it comes! I'm stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don't think so mister!
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then!
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Look you have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you're Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
No, no I just ah, didn't do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don't deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy, then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! Janice! You're not... gone?
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm... I mean... No, I'm-I'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm not-I'm not-I'm not gay!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. It's locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Yes, yes she is. Didnt I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, err, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Flanen-nen, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan.
Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who everdid something over here last night did what they did or didn't do ...I mean come on!!
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times,two illegitimate children. The personal ad writes itself....
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right?
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time.
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? Oh. Well, so what does that mean? Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks.
Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not even what I think it is... And even if it is... It can't possibly be as bad as what I'm picturing in my head... Can it?
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don't come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my...
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again.
Hey, look, you're in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she's gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up.
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Alright. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never borrow money.
Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it's gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I'm conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he'll be there. And he'll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you're really hot.
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y'know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me- Nick's pants?
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive... Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice
Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage?
I don't care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I'm getting back right now!
Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mineby plucking the eyebrows of my father and his "business" partners.
Maybe we finish this for him! "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND!
Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation?
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We only need six more people for a human pyramid...Swoop!! Swoop!!
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go.
Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Y'know I've been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing. Duties. Duties! Poo.
What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up!
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
You know, it haunts me? Up 'til now, the worst thing I ever saw, was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy. After this, I would gladly make that my screensaver!
You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Oh, no, no. Nina... ..she is whooo wewee-woo whoo whoo! In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all.
I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn't matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It's so annoying. Does it bug you?
I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real."
See Joe, not that that's not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y'know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! I had a little talk with the boys in New York, told 'em about all the hard work you've been doing and that a little Christmas bonus may be in order.
I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings.
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon?
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she's-she's smart, and funny, and gets you.
Oh, yeah. Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face-And by face I don't mean his lap. And by face, I don't mean my ass.
Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest!
Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I'm not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone 'Chandler Bing,' he said 'Whoa-whoa, short message.'
So.. let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me?
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
He said...he said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself! Without any outside help whatsoever.
Oh my God this doesn't count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! There's a crazy guy out in the hall!
Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger.
Actuary... no. Book-keeper... no. Topless dancer... Hey, d'you know what I just realized? You are the sole wage earner. *You* are the head of the household. I don't do anything - I'm a kept man!
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . .
All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king!"
No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have.
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones!
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it!
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started, by take a look at last quarter's figures. Ah, Claudia, aren't you supposed to blow smoke up the bosses' ass?
Oh, that's ok.I'll just try and reschedule. "Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception?"
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
She's moving on! Okay, if it's not this guy, it's gonna be somebody else! And unless you're thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It's over.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream?
I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Okay, here's the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Yeah, he's made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y'know it's all very Cats in the Cradle-I don't want to get into it. Here we go.
I drew my own bath, but I did it wrong! The water's tepid. The salt didn't dissolve and is now... lodged places. And the scents I used don't compliment each other. Eucalyptus and chamomile-Oh!
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn't wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Sorry, I just...can't sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I'm like...
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Daddy. All right look, here's the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and that's when in happened.
Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples.
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y'know, I know where everything goes, it's always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody's killing her in there!"
You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad!
Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour!
All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Ho-oh, he's gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Y'know so umm, he's closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, I'm off to bed!
Because, I-I should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."
Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'
Oh No, It's Terrific, It'S- It'S- Y'Know, You Deserve This, After All Your Years Of Struggling, You'Ve Finally Been Able To Crack Your Way Into Show Business.
Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don't believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won't stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!!
I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy." "A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth?"
All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas Eve and you'd rather be with your families, but there's *no* call for writing "Screw you, Mr. Bing!" on the back of my chair! -- By the way, you can all call me Chandler.
I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me?
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now.
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard could see a tape like that and it wouldn't bother him. Just'd be another saucy anecdote for him to share at his men's club over brandy and moustaches.
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting.
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers-Think of the money we'll save!! We're not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes?
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat.
Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street.
No! That would be so awkward! Look-Besides, we work in different departments. He's on the sixth floor y'know? So he calls me Toby once in a while. What's the big deal? It could be worse, it's not like he's calling me Muriel.
No-no-no, if you unplug it, I'll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. No! Hey look at that! Look at that, it's still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM Chip in it or something!
I Think It's Great That You Work Here. You'Re Going To Make A Lot Of Money, And Here's Your First Tip. Don't eat yellow snow. . Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse.
She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way!
Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Momma's Little Bakery. I feel terrible, I'm a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew.
It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, Here's The Thing The corn rose were really a solution to your frizzy hair problem. And now that we're home, we don't have that problem anymore, so if you think about it... I hate them!
Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it's probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o'clock tomorrow, I'm either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee.
Well, it's not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y'know? You're doing nothing wrong. Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. Richard? If-if you're in there, could you pass me my credit card?
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around...
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept!
You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two.. that you two....
Oh no no no.. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well.. what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first.
You don't think I've tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! That's a picture of your daughter, isn't it, well she's lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I'll call you from Tulsa.
What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?!
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Y'know what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like It's a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives.
Okay, so this isn't a picture of our first, but it is a picture of my first kiss with...with this lady. Which by the look on your face I'm sure you'll remember. So we don't need--There's no need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right now.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this place. Why am I so intimidated by this guy? Pretentious art, this huge macho couch. When we know all he does is sit around all day crying about losing Monica to a real man! You don't think he's here, do you?
It's not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody's! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I've met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don't race cars! I don't make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world.
Well let's see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that's plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing!
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?
And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily.
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello?
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know.... You don't know!
Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief.
Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now.
A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know... maybe he falls... maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!"
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain't that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here's the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won't go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy-Please don't make me go there!
Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it... Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it... Her initials...
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore.
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there.
I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with your families tonight. I have to go back to an empty hotel room and lay down on a very questionable bedspread. And then tomorrow morning, you get to have Christmas morning in your own houses, wich, by the way, none of you have invited me to.
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I'll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right?
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento. You, however have had the love of a woman for four years. Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it! I don't think that was my point!
I'm sorry. I'm-I'm-I'm sorry that I said I was going to when I'm not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn't Rachel's fault. It's me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I'm really sorry, it's just that this is not, this isn't going to work out.
Oh it's been going on way to long now. Y'know, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didn't say anything. And then the next time he said, "Hey Toby, do you want a donut?" And I-I wanted a donut. And now it's five years later, the donut's gone and I'm still Toby.
I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, "So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester?" And she'll go, "No-no-no, it's Chandler." And he'll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing soda and beer?
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Couldn't sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn't sleep. Y'know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I'll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I'll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn't fall asleep.
What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Amy walks over to the couch and sits down next to Rachel: Ucch. Uchh In case you hadn't noticed, I'm not talking to you.
Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought... Wait a minute, I-I can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me?
No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y'know, for you, and... I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-!
Well, stuff like where we'd live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am *so* bad at this.
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for Monica's allergies. You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye.
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these?
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. And I thought things were going to work out for him.. Until the day he over inflated her. Ohh, Dear God..
Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!'
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, yknow. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Well look, it's not easy to spend this much time apart, you know. She's entitled to be a little paranoid... or, in this case: right on money! ... You know, she's amazing, and beautiful, and smart, and if she were here right now, ...she'd kick your ass. Look, you're a really nice person... ham stealing and adultery aside. But, what I have with my wife is pretty great, so nothing is ever gonna happen between us.
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers.
Let me tell you why you need to pick me. See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it's bad enough that I'm in love with my roommates girlfriend-which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we're in the room together there's this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I've seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she's smooth! Smooth!
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you'd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y'know it's hard enough to be fourteen. You're skinny. You're wearing speedoes-That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there's your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
