Hey, don't get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
Yeah, you can fire her, but I would call security, she won't go easy.
Oh hey, don't worry about it man. Don't worry about it, no big deal.
Well, there's gonna be strippers there. He didn't say anything about no strippers.
Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."
Oh, that's cool. We have interns at 'Days Of Our Lives'.
Well-I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
Okay. Years ago, when I was backpacking across Western Europe...
Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. I never noticed that before.
I say, 'I am there!' Cool! Aw, is Ross going to?
Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle.
All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Hey, I'm with you. He even asked me if I thought you'd go out with him.
Hey! So, what's with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
No. no... eh... she went shopping with Rachel. Why? What's up?
Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
Yeah, it is. It's really tough. Y'know sometimes I think-Wow!! Nice move!
Come on man! You never want to do anything since you and Janice broke up.
"I thought I knew who the enemy was, but it was you all along."
What? I...I just figured since you're pregnant you're not gonna be seeing people.
Relax. Here hold this . This old stuff just comes right off.
GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE!
Ten. Okay. Now Tag there's such a thing as to many women.
Here she comes. Hold on, I'm gonna make your life much easier.
Hey you guys I'm gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Just... seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist... it's fun, yeah!
Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I'll do whatever you want.
I knew I shouldn't have mentioned it! That's what I wanted to name my kid!
Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Thanks for stopping by. See ya! I-I am so sorry. I...
I can't hear a word you're saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Well, you seem pretty insulted by that. What? I'm not good enough for you?
Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't pass it on to your bosses!
I know! All right, I'll see you guys over there! I'm off to fight the Nazis.
Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
That's always appropriate! Oh, okay. One more push! One more push!
Oh what, did someone outbid you for the teapot? Oh! Secret teapot?
Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country.
Oh, no no no. Its for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size-wise.
I do! So much! I can't stop thinking about her! I can't sleep, I-
Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?
Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
Hi Alex! And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants.
We've been stood up. And we want our free crab cakes.
That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this?
Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you.
Uhh, I don't believe in these crazy diets y'know, just everything in moderation.
Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
Can I use your phone? Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we'll be supportive like crazy.
You could say: "Hey Kenny, how come you're not Britney Spears?"
All right, fine... But if I enjoy this, you have only yourself to blame...
I was with you the whole time we were in Connecticut, when did you even get those?
Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!
Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.
Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize my thoughts.
Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?
Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don't know...
Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin' here?
It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.
Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
No! No. Don't do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Probably not. Nah. I don't know how much I'm gonna wanna play after you go.
Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis.
No! It's not okay! It's not okay at all!! You're dead inside!!
And about this Nancy thing... If you're not sleeping with her, should I?
Look, we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened, but..
Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
So what if he didn't come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really bonding.
Yeah okay. Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
Incredible! I met the director this time and you'll never believe who it was.
Okay, it's an audio question, name this television theme song.
well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
Yeah, I think that'd be best... So, so I'm gonna... I'm gonna take off...
But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today.
Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. Where's the mail?
Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. It's like it's coming right at me.
Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
Yeah! Well, well really it's three. Please. You're so good at it. I love you.
Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency.
Hey that's not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb-Angelina Jolie!
Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I'm-I'm saving this for my friend Ross.
I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
Oh yeah yeah. I process. People want the processing, I'm the one they call.
It's two gifts in one. It's a pen that's also a clock! Huh?
I'm gonna miss these little guys. It was nice having birds around again.
Look, we're not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...
Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
It is so amazing to meet you. I'm such a big fan of your work.
This is where I keep the pizza. And-Hey! Where did the napkin go?!
Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you'd be out partying with Gandel-worf.
Come on, please, it'll be just this one more, well actually it's two.
Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.
How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it.
Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... Alright! It still works.
All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Okay, listen, hey, Ross. Why don't you try to relax, okay? Maybe have a drink.
Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.
Calm?! I wasn't calm! I've never been more scared in all my life!
Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.
Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
Uh, for your information, since they hired a very hot weather girl.
Oh God. Uh, okay, here's the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...
Yeah! And-and things aren't as...smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. I'm tellin' ya!
It's not what you said. It's the way you said it....Oh My God, I'm a woman!!!
You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?
I still can't believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
No, no, no, no, that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
Yeah, turns out our kids go to the same school. Small world huh?
Rachel's having her baby!! Which is of no interest to me, I'm a neurologist.
Hey I was crying because, because nobody believed Quincy's theory. Okay?
Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? She-she-she's hurting me.
All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.
Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn't even do anything wrong.
What? Are you out of your mind? Lets throw some jello on them.
Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.
Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
And that's just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate.
Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
A monologue? I don't have.. I got it. Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place.
Relax okay, I-I-I can get this open. Anybody have a coat hanger?
Oh now-Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely gay stuff!
Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Hey. How come you're answering your own phone? Where's your crazy assistant?
Whoa, Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
Oh, hey, Lauren. Uh, you guys this is, this is Kate's understudy, Lauren.
You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!
Wow! I can't believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn't get the part?
Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee.
What's not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood.
Ah... Chick Jr.? Duck Jr.? Don't hide from mama!
Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.
OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Oh, I like that, yeah. Wasn't at the parade because I had a family emergency.
We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? I wrapped those bad boys.
If you want, I'll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Yeah, Chandler finds me so intimdating that it's better if we're on the same team.
Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
It's not what you said. It's the way you said it... Oh My God, I'm a woman!!!
Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry.
Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, but I don't want to talk about it.
Ahh-oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
I discovered I'm able to count all of my teeth using just my tongue.
Tell me about it, I feel like I'm holding down the fort all by myself.
Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
I don't know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with me?
All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler!
Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.
No-no-no-no, he's not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family name.
Y'know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
Not good, no. I didn't get the part, and I lost my job here, so ...
No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you're ready to answer the question.
Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Oh. Well good! For me. What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.
And now Chandler! We're all gettin' so old! Why are you doing this to us?!
Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.
She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did last night.
Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.
Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must've hit something on the remote.
Two thousand dollars!? What do you think I am? I soap opera star!?
Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
Like this. Pictures of cute babies we don't know. We..we can't have that.
Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she's real, uh, mellow!
Oh, man, I could totally get that part. 'I'm sorry, that seat is taken.'
Well, I think it's ridiculous that you haven't had sex in three and a half months.
I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
Yeah, yeah, they must have jumped off the table, 'cause now they're gone!
What you-don't hold it like that! You're lettin' all the good stuff fall out.
Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Yeah, yeah. The pay is pretty good and you could do it for as long as you need.
Hey listen, so when's-when's my audition? I mean I know it's Thursday, but what time?
It was different for you guys! I mean, I mean, you were both in the same place, right?
Now you can't tell anyone, but uh...I put on shiny lip balm.
Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.
Yeah, a naked bagel game? Dude, I don't know. That's a pretty small hole.
Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh!
Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Yes that's the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! Get out of there!
Hey! You guys! You're not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent...
I'm an actor, y'know? As-as a group, we tend to be over dramatic.
Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don't you wanna stay here and talk about it?
Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Ross, hey, the band's ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so...
He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. See?
Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool.
Oh! Maybe it's because I'm on television. I'm an actor on Days of Our Lives.
Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is haunted!
Uh, am I curious? I mean, I am as curious as... as... George!!
"I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."
Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. "out of area". Boy, I'll say.
No! No, I quit a long time ago. Did I forget to you that one? I'm sorry.
Oh, just er... you know, looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person...
You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?
So what? Being funny is Chandler's thing... You know, like Ross's thing is...
So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!
This right here is where I keep the pizza. And uh that's where the napkin is.
Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!
Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! Guess which job I got.
Y'know what? Why don't you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?
No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn't matter.
Or maybe, it's because you're hanging around here at 11:30 on a Wednesday.
Hey! Don't you hang up on me! I'll marry you and me right now! I have the power!
I hate to admit it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
Well it's...It's not that crazy okay? Making them smaller, that would be crazy.
I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.
So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?
That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
No, no. He said "When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?"
Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Man, I got this close to him and Monica kneed me in the back. What's going on?
All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. And they're off!
Well, there is one way. His window's open, I say, we poke him.
Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me.
When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Okay, but I don't see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
Chandler... hey... Rach... what's Hugsy doin' in the crib with Emma?
They go on one date and you're worried about them getting married?! He's not you!
These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.
Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.
Tell me about it, huh? Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! Ewwuck!
Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
I couldn't help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look!
Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay. 'Cause he's feeling like...
Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.
Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
Nothing, I'm just practicing blowing you off because I'm gonna be a big movie star!
It's a name, yeah. I saw you, you know, in this great house with a big pool.
You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! Hey. He-hey.
Why? Why can't the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself!
Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! See what happens when you break the code?
Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's difficult doesn't mean that you quit.
Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I'm telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y'know, sexually?
Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Probably, yeah... I mean, maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
Anyway, I started working on what I'm going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make the right.
To tape the game? You do this every time Ross, you're not gonna be on TV!
Great story! But, I uh, I gotta go, I got a date with Andrea--Angela--Andrea... Oh man,
All right, so we'll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we'll head back out.
You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in here?
Oh, it was a lot of fun right up until Chandler got a finger in the eye!
Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
Hey! A dog! Hi! Who, you got to admit, looks a lot like Jane.
Ooh, ooh, I know! We should pool all own money and buy the Knicks!
Which helps him get to Phase Three, picturing yourself with other women.
Yeah well, I'm guessing after this she's not going to be crazy about electricity either.
That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!
Err...Well I...Know how much you used to make and I know how much your rent is.
Wait a minute, did you just make up all that stuff just to get out of being my agent.
Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
All right that's it! You're yelling and I don't see you taking your top off! I quit!
All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Come on! It'll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and... Paul probably...
Ah, let me see! Damn, that's a lot of guys! Are you a little slutty?
No, no, my mouth says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!
Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don't want to do! Later!
If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact 'Homo-sapien', is that why there extinct?
Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
This is so exciting for her. Well, I'll let you two fash...ists get down to business.
I know we're not, but Frank Medeio and... Eva Trorro... womba...
I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye!
I'd say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh...
Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
You damn right I am, I've been waiting for a cookie for 7 minutes.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
And I ate the food, I had the fish, it was good, yeah. It was good, yeah...
Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I'm really more of a candy guy.
You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it's gonna help me not to snore.
Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Hey! I'm meeting Kathy in ten minutes! I've been looking all over for you!
We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
Oh, hi, I'm Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
wow, the parade is really good this year. Man those horses can crap.
Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
I know, I know..., but that's okay. I mean, we can control ourselves, we're not animals.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I-Hey! I did not go out with your wife! Okay? I went out with her!
Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Well, it's good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
Good, good yeah, maybe while we're there, they can check your reflexes. "Oops."
Hey! Look, if it didn't work it's because you didn't tell it right! Show me how you did it.
You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I'll tell ya...
Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths!
Yeah, you're right. Okay look, listen, let's talk about what a huge star I'm gonna be!
Good, and hey! My treat. But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
Ah, y'know just in general people being gay, thing. I'm totally cool with that.
No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Hey guys, so I just called the Powerball hotline, can you believe it? Nobody won.
No, no, no I need a good lie to explain why I wasn't at a work thing today.
I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later!
Well, that-that-that's it? You're gonna, you're gonna put it on your self or anything?
Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I'm not breaking any rules so I...
You're not gonna let me buy the Knicks?? I can't believe you're taking this away from me!
I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
Oh, nothing, no. It's an acting exercise, I'm practising my fake laugh.
Ross, you should know that my pants are startin' to come down and I'm not wearing any underwear!
I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag!
I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
Hey, hey, look! It's not about a few fries... it's about what the fries represent.
Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Don't you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
It's a rented tux. Okay. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Look, it's not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don't want to hurt her.
Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be?
Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?
Ooh, it's probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I'm kinda....
Y'know, when we talked about face to face, I don't think we thought it all the way through.
Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall?
I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
Hey Monica it's Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin' from your apartment.
Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
All right, well maybe I'm enjoying it a little bit. I mean I'm getting pretty good at it.
No, we didn't even pay our cable bill-maybe this is how they punish us.
You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh, and he's not into anything weird sexually.
Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Uh Rach, if you're gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Yeah, I just... I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
I know! I'm sorry! The guy's drunk, they won't let me go until we get this.
Look, I'll get new headshot taken, all right, so I want to get my eyebrows shaped.
Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! Ah-ah!! Damn fridge!
Yeah, yeah. Hey, they totally match! They look great! They look great! How you doing!
Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Whoa, jam! I love jam! Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Wow, I've admired your work for years. You-you've done some really amazing stuff.
Well, I heard Emma stirring, so I came to make sure she could reach Hugsy.
Hey Ross, this is one of my co-stars, Dirk. Dirk, this is my good friend Ross.
Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
This company was not built on rough numbers. Am I right Mr. Douglas.
Oh hey but, before you guys do that I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
That's 'help' spelled backwards so that the helicopters can read it from the air!
Sometimes I think maybe she could. But it doesn't matter, because I can't do anything about it.
Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Err... I just figured it out! You know, I mean you're not working and the economy is bad.
Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Aw, man I'm sorry . This must be very tough for ya, huh .
Well, Estelle tried, you know. The casting director told her that I missed my chance.
No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. Who-who's Barry and Mindy?
That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Okay, good, good, good, 'cause, good, 'cause I was kinda having second thoughts too.
CURIOUS GEORGE ! You know, the monkey, and the guy with the yellow hat!
Ya know, one of these times you're gonna really be naked and we're not gonna come over.
Arg... Alright, I'll take care of it. Monica and Chandler come through the front door.
Yeah, sure. Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something?
Nah, you're not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there.
Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! I'm your hand twin!!
Hey, can you close that window Chandler? My nipples can cut glass over here!
What the hell are you talking about, "The south will rise again man."
There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone!
Hey listen, why don't you come downstairs with me? There's some really nice girls down there.
Oh, yeah, sure, easy for you, you're young. Me, I'm set in my ways.
Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Okay, so that's another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred, that's...
Oh yeah. Well you can't fire Joseph. You know why, 'cause he's not in your department.
That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
That's an idea! Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
Oh-oh, hey-hey, Kate! Listen I want you to meet everybody. Everybody, this is Kate.
No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
No! No! I can't! You gotta get me out of it! I've got plans! Important plans!
Sure you do, it was a gift from me. Oh! And you have these three great kids.
I feel so stupid, you know? Why... why do I keep going after the wrong girls?
Aww, I don't know Monica y'know... erm... lending friends money is always a mistake.
Oh-oh! So that's the way it's gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y'know!
Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny, I gotta see her!
Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Who cares?! I-I'll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
"Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.
No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I'm sight of the room and I called it.
Hey, if anybody gets extra tickets, it should be me! This all thing was my idea!
I dont know. I like her, you know. Shes different. Theres uh, somethin about her.
Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.
Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
No, look, you know Charlie, right? She's cool, she's funny, her body is soo...
Sure, I can hang out 'til I have to meet ya. What uh-How come you're not going?
She sure does. Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
Uhh, look, your eye's still popping out a little, I'm gonna go get some ice.
Oh hey, you should be excited about him. There's nothing wrong with him he's a good guy.
'Cause he has a strong suspicion that you dropped the ball on the Lender project.
Ohhh. Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Relax Ross, we'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Excellent! Let's play Bamboozled! Chandler, you'll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
Well all right then, I guess I shouldn't get to excited about the fact that I just kissed her!
To her parent's I think and she said you shouldn't call her. But if I were you I would.
Hey I liked her, alright. Maybe, maybe too much. I don't know I guess I just got scared.
Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Look Rach, wasn't this supposed to a temporary thing? I thought you wanted to do fashion stuff?
Oh yeah? If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Hi! I'm Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?
C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Oh that's right. There's a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier.
Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
Listen, I ah, I know it's a longshot. But, by any chance did she find that funny?
Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Street noise drowned any of that out? No, all right, I see you later, okay...
All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Aww, Rach, I think you look cute And you, uh, you, you I could eat with a spoon .
Although some of that stuff wasn't where you said it was gonna be, but... I made it work.
No, Rach, I should've told you sooner. It's just that...Man! That kid is going to town!
Ok, Ross! It's... It's fun, yeah! No, I-I play Doctor Drake Ramoray.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find...
Yes, it's in my... In...in my pocket. My back pocket! My back pocket!
Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with.
Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
Well, he's too shy, he doesn't thing he's good enough to dance with girls yet.
Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
Whoa-whoa, don't we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk?
Hey Monica! People came to see a fight, let's give 'em what they came for!
Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are.
Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin'?"
Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?
No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Well uh, she didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I'm so sorry.
No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
All right! I'll try! But if I can't, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Yeah, yeah. I've got tons of stuff I could do. I'm gonna hit the beach, go swimming...
Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out.
Y'know, if they knew what they were doing they probably didn't give you real names either.
Yeah well that's because uh...I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don't want to look in my hamper.
That's how they do pants! Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Take it easy. If it means that much to you, I'll uh, I'll go find something else.
Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
Well, I'm starting to make good money on the show and I'm thinking... I should probably do something with it.
Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower.
The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
Yep! Looks like it's gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
Yeah, the ah, trees that don't fulfil their Christmas destiny are thrown in the chipper.
my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this?
oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours.
Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn.
Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well, something is not right. I just can't believe he would do this to Monica!
Yeah, it must've fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped!
No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too.
How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
So that's why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today!
Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!
He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Okay umm, I just came by to tell you that I...want to have dinner with you tonight. That's all.
Oh, hey listen! The Soapie's called today and I also get to present an award.
Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world!
Hey Ross. It's Joey. There's a hooker over here and we thought maybe you'd know something about it.
Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
Well, I'd like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you're casting for this new show...
Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Hey, it's me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Oh no-no Rach, please, don't be sorry. Okay? Don't be sorry. Y'know I was only kidding you.
Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
Ok, let me stop you right there. The Mets suck, ok? You wanna see the Yankees.
oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters.
Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you're all invited!
Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle.
Oh, I-I think I'm gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
Oh, calm down! She means on the show! We need some new extras around here!
Well... I'm helping out down at the N.Y.U. Med School with some... research.
Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Why would you need to say hi to them, you've been feeding them for four days?
Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here it doesn't hurt that bad.
Oh you know uh Kash, really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
Oh Monica. Wow, this guy's an astronaut. That would've been cool, for like a day. .
So y'know Ross it's funny 'cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Oh. Why would you scare me like that? What the hell is going on? Is somebody pregnant?
Oh yeah? If I can't, I'll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.
Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
Okay, I wanted to surprise you, but for your house-warming gift, I got you a baby-chick and a baby-duck!
Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
You're fine, ok? But everyone else acts like an idiot around famous people!
OK so I'm out four thousand dollars and nobody's boobs are getting any bigger?
Come on, Chandler, I want this part soo much. Just one kiss, I won't tell anyone.
They uh director. Uhh, her. All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
Oh, hey, Chandler, we, ah, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
Wow! You look... ... stop-eating hot! Which is like the highest level of hotness!
Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven't even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! What? Thought we were trying to find stuff.
Oh, you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
Oh, y'know what? Since I'm here, I think I'm gonna have me a little beer on the port side.
You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
I hate my friends. Alright, look. There's gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
Look it's not that bad. So what, it blocks a little of your door, a little of my door.
That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Yeah, yeah, and then Adrian, she maybe she could wrap her legs around his waist.
Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Uh, Entertainment Tonight. Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right.
Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn't have the car! Right?
Hey! You're here! Great! Great! Great! Let's get going buddy, we've got a scene to shoot!
Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of 'em.
Oh no, I can't go. I'm practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.
Well I guess I should've thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
Listen, you know how uh, when you're wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Yeah, just a crush! That's all this is! It's a crush! I'm Joey; I don't get deep feelings.
I did not know that! Thank you Monica. I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
No that's not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Hey, everybody lies on their resume, okay. I wasn't one of the Zoom Kids either.
Y'know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
I know, I know! But I've thought about it a lot since, and it just wouldn't be right... I'm sorry...!
Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
A little more, a little more. A little more... All right. Okay, all right, let's do this.
Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? It wasn't that good.
How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today, I got nothin'!
Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME!
Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready.
I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Ugh. Now if a cow should die of natural causes, I can have one of those right?
No-no! No! No! You don't tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I'm a soap actor.
Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Yeah, that was a disappointment... Oh, hey!D'you want to come down to the set and tell me if I'm doing ok?
Name? I know Ross but what's it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Look, the point is, there's a lot of women out there you haven't even had sex with yet!
You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. Smile!
Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. Ooohh, to a Porsche! Hey Gunther, these yours?
Okay, now. I gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as glamorous and exciting as you think.
No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it.
Oh, y'know what? Maybe uh, you...you should come to me. I'm a not, I'm not wearing any bottoms.
Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials.
Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit!
Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there's a new class comin' in.
Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? Ow!! He's not even here!!!
About a month ago this guy spent the night with Rachel, I didn't see who it was but...
Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green.
Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it's handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold.
Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
Yeah, she's been out there for twenty minutes, I'm surprised you didn't hear her on the way over.
Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that's much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know?
Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Okay, here's a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. Get up! Get up! Get up!
Oh wow! He's so lifelike! Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears.
Pheebs, you can't do that. The casting director doesn't talk to friends, she only talks to agents.
Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know you're not gonna be alone in this.
Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out!
Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Hey, I tell you what. Let's you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
Can I come?! I won't even talk! You'll just hear the noise from my video camera.
Okay uh, look I know you're a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff...
Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?
Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. Aramis? Aramis?
I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.
Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They...feel a little unwanted.
Yeah, Erica went into labor last night. Monica and Chandler are at the hospital right now!
No. No, I'm Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I'm the guy in the coma!
Now go! 'Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you're secret Santa!
'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! Chandler, listen.
Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I'm not even sure I got it.
Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
Yeah. Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Okay. Now you're gonna want to have sex with me when you hear it, but you have to remember it is just the story.
Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you're really bad at y'know, sexually?
Not a problem. Oh, and just so you know, that guy's not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That's me!! I'm blank!!
I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know, that's where things were headed.
Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
I would, but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!
All right. Okay. Well this is the same kind of deal. If you're going to do something wrong, do it right!
No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you're not...
Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little 'til they get there?
Nooo. No, no, ah, are you sure it wasn't something that sounded like Ginger, like ah, Gingeer?
Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
I have an audition, but I'll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
That's what that was?! 'Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin' good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
NO! No-no-no-no-no-no! Hey! Hey, we'll be fine! Li... hey, like you said: no big deal!
Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright.
Hey, you know what? Don't worry, Pheebs! It usually takes me three takes too! Alright, eight.
Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. Yeah.
Hey, wouldn't be cool if our duck and chick had a little baby? We could call it Chuck.
Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don't...
Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo's manuscript. I don't see how he could ever forgive her.
Yeah, there's just one thing that might be kind've a problem. See, I, uh, had to kiss this guy.
All right now... All right, you're all set up. You're good to go. Just hit record. All right?
Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
That's true. But you know what, it doesn't matter because I already know who you're gonna go home with tonight.
Nothing major, it's just that, you know, they're not really good enough for you, and you deserve the best.
Okay, pick a card, any card. All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE!
Hey! Chef Geller! Y'know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can!
Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
I'm fine with it, I mean, if you're OK watching a video filled with two nippled people.
I can't! Y'know? You guys don't know what it's like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
Hey, who wants to ah, throw the ball around a little, maybe get a little three on three going?
No! No! No! No! No! How you doin'?! How you doin'-Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall!
I like that! Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em!
Well I don't know remember exactly but, it's-it's pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Okay look, Chandler, if this you have got to listen! You're gonna throw that juice at me, aren't ya?
It's okay, Ross, alright? I totally understand. Of course you're not fine. You're.. You're Ross and Rachel.
Oh don't listen to him, he's just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don't think he's gonna get it.
Rachel... let's be clear on this, ok? I do not love Hugsy. I like him a normal amount...
Look, you guys have been to every play I've ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
Oh, oh! Any chance any of this happened in a "Galaxy far, far away"? .
No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don't like me for- I'm sorry I couldn't even get through that.
We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man.
It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Yeah, yeah, in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary, I had a star named after them.
Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.
Hey, I only got one good arm, you know. You should be doing stuff for me. Go get me a sweater.
No! Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real!
Listen also we're uh, we're watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
See? That's a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. You're changing it!
Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Please, c'mon, you're the smartest person I know and I really like this girl, ok, I don't wanna lose her.
Yeah, you'd think I'd give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
Wh? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when huh what? Thurs- Oh!
Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
I don't know uhh... Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
Ok, I got one, I got one. Uh, if he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?
Ok ok ok ok. Monica, we'll bring him, but only if he takes the Jaguar.
Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Well, it's not a part, no. I'm teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Don't start doing that. You can't do that Rach, 'cause then you're gonna make me do that. Oh, here we go!
Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.
Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Damnit woman we're losing precious time! Now do you want this man's blood on your head?
Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!!
Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids!
Well, it looks like it wasn't heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now!
This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Yeah, we set up a court in your room. Uh, you didn't really like that grey lamp, did you?
Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner.
Seriously, good game though. Good game. What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
Okay. "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross
Okay, Ross, I realise that you didn't expect to walk in and see that, but.. Let me explain, okay?
See, I actually can pour milk, but I got you believing that I couldn't. Now, see, that's acting.
No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
Yeah, are you just going down there to gawk at that hot girl with the belly button ring again?
Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. ... and I smelled bacon.
I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or... what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
I know. chandler: Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved.
From now on, it's gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. Okay! We're gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker's twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Oh, no, that's okay, I don't need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say, I am pretty good!
Hey and everbody is so nice. I just had a good talk with that lady with the red hair, Jeannie.
Oh good, uh you're here. Uh Pheebs? Listen uh sit down. I-I got something I want to say.
But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we're getting rid of her.
Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.
Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Oh, well. Just ask her how long she's gonna live. Women live longer than men.
All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
All right, and over there is Brady's Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
Yeah well next thing you know, he'll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
They let you get married when you're drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
Huh, Rach I got to say it's gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you wash.
All right Ross you're in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
How come you don't live with Mommy? How come Mommy lives with that other lady? What's a lesbian?
All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it OH SALT BLOATY!
Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
It's been a while, huh? Wow, it's funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don't think any of them are gonna work out.
You've got to pick a pocket or two. Boyyyyssss, you've got to pick a pocket or two..........
All right I'll talk in code. Remember when the kid sees those two blanks in the hallway?
Well, before, with the wishbone... I didn't wish we would win the lottery, I wished you'd get the job.
Hey, I was pretty close. Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money.
Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they're all gonna' make fun of her, do you want that?
All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks.
Hey, listen to me, listen to me...you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that's not gonna happen.
Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."
Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!
Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin' to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren...
Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Okay. I went down to the 'Mattress King' showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.
Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I'll Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I'll be Joey Trrrribbiani!
Why not? You'll feel better! I'll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
Ross! Ross! If you're going to the airport, could you pick me up another one of those Toblerone bars?
Ok! All right, well... I'm gonna see if I can get a room for the night and I'll... I'll see you later!
Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels...Also what is with these chips you bought?
Wait-wait-wait-wait! Come on! Come on, let's trade! The timing's perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Oh well listen, anyway she's directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me.
Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Oh, tell me about it. And she's been on the show forever, it's gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy , and that guy . And that one-Dude! They're all huge!
Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fungus.
I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... There's no guy in there!
Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn't that why you guys are here?
I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
Well, I was thinking that it'd probably be okay because Ross hasn't gone out with Rachel in five years!
I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
Yes, but in Drake Remoray's body. Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist!
Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
Oh, c'mon, I mean, there's you, then there's Charlie, and it's like... What the hell is my problem? OH!
I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? This is your baby. Hi Daddy!
Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, for you.
Well, they wanna see me again this afternoon, but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me.
Hey well, you can't teach someone to be good with women. Y'know, that's why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the bedroom door closed?
No, no, you can't, you can't, okay, you can't, you can't buy her pearls, you just can't, you can't, you can't.
Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
All right. All right. Then, maybe you won't mind if me and my friend take a look around, huh? Bwa-ah-ah!
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.
Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest Power Ranger is?
So what movie do you want to see-And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
Wait! Wait! Maybe she's a hooker and a stripper, but she got confused about what she's supposed to do.
Oh well, hey, Joey's loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he'll be there.
All right, uh... Oh hey, you've done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Okay, uh...sit down. Um... there's this woman that I like. A lot. But, uh...it can't happen.
Ok, you're gonna come back with some very classy clothes... ... and some slutty lingerie, SLUTTY!
Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. Here we go. Looking good Gellers!
All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Y'know Terry, I-I don't really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, with a robot.
We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. Now kiss her again.
You know, ah, I've been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it's not my fault. It's a natural instinct.
I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
All right, all right, all right. I mean I'll have to check with him first, but I'll think he'll be cool with it.
No, as part of the audition. See, I'm up for this part of this guy, who the main guy kisses.
It's like my favorite fairy tale come true! The princess, the stable boy and the lesbian!
I didn't tell him. I didn't know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you're not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
Well it hit me anyway! And it would've hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
I'm saying that... . This isn't working for me anymore, ok? Estelle, you're fired. Goodbye. .
Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table?
Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.
Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, come on, think about it. You're 18, okay, she's 44, when you're 36, she's gonna be 88.
Look, Chandler I don't think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Well, you should've told me that before, I'm not a mind reader. Hey, we're out of beer. I'm going to Monica's.
No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Yeah, my neighbor... Yeah, the brunette... She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Then she came back with "The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?"
He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Maybe! Well! Well...so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts-Oh forget it! I can't!
No, no, no! It's real! And it has been since 1998. Hey Rach! Rach! I'm up for a Soapie!
No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then...
Aww that's nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Well, she and I said from the beginning that we weren't gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action?
Pheebs! Wait up! Listen uh, close your eyes. Maybe that's one thing you can cross off your list.
Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! Oh. Uh, okay uh let me call you back.
Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y'know now it's like...things are different.
Listen that's a pretty girly hour we just spent, we should add some manly make up for it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country.
You can't just ignore the bet! It's a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Hey don't worry about that! I mean, Ross needs you! And Rachel and I will stay and help anyway we can.
And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
Yeah, I want my tickets too ! And I'm buying the Knicks! And Steffi Graff, ah ah!
Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and... Hey!
Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Ah! Okay, well then you don't judge me. I'm gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before.
Uh-huh! I know. I'm coming soon to a theater near you! I'm in THX! I'm unsuitable for children!
I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
It's a one-woman play called "Why don't you like me: a bitter woman's journey through life".
Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Come on who? Who do you like? Tell me. You're not getting away that easy. Who do you like, who?
Hey, did you get to the part where they're trapped in the car and Cujo's throwin' himself at the windshield?
Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled, and find him somebody else.
Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? . Yeah!
All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don't you tell us a little something about you Ross?
And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! And you know what that means buddy!
So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities.
All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Dina, if you're having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! Dude, that's not a compliment!
Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won't get spit in the eyes, y'know?
Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you've just had your first class!
Oh man! Now she's gonna start all over! We're never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. Are we talking models in their underwear?
No! No, I'm the minister! All right, look-look, put 'em both on the phone, I'll marry them right now.
I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I'm the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
She's mad because I know today's her laundry day and that means she's wearing her old lady underpants.
Whoo, whoo. Wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that I'm sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. Ready? One, two, three, four...
Is to have a long, long talk. Y'know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up.
Ok, ok! Fine! You can come, but don't tell anybody else. It's up on the roof at 8.
No-hey-no! If you don't want me to do it, I except that. I don't care about that. I just...I don't want you to be upset.
Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. Yeah, I'm single. 25. An actor. Hello?
Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin' ice cream.
Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Y'know what's more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y'know what's even more generous than that?!!
That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It's a one day job, max.
I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like...
R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! And-and Chandler's tellin' ya how much he hates marriage?!
Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, 'Hey, the bell doesn't dismiss you, I dismiss you.'
Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this I don't really know what that means. You were saying?
Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.
It wasn't my ring! It's Ross's ring! That's why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
That's it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer.
Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. so were good. I'll let myself out.
Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
Okay, Okay, Fine! Make Jokes, I Don'T Care! This Is A Big Break For Me!
Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Oh my god Ross! You don't have Emma! And Rachel you don't have Emma! Where's Emma? Who has Emma!?
Oh, see that's where you're wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn't see it up there, just-just try me.
Maybe Monica's playing a joke on ya. Y'know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that's pretty funny.
Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.
Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Oh my God! I overslept! I was supposed to be on the set a half an hour ago! I gotta get out of here!
No, in Ross's building! She's back! She's back! Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. Got it!
Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Well Ross was hangin' out over at our place, Rachel comes over to borrow some moisturiser from Chandler....
Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six fingers, but one was from the other hand so we're good.
It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? Are you crazy?!
There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin.
Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman...
All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. Did you think about the trail?
Dr. Drake Remoray. Days of Our Lives. Voted most datable neurosurgeon by Teen Beat.
Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Pretty good. It's like you said. It's mostly just putting numbers from one column into another column.
All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine!
What are you doing? Get back over on your side of the... Hello!! Hi, I'm Joey, we haven't met.
What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?
Well who is this guy?! Huh? Who is he? 'Cause I will track him down and kick his ass!
I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Listen, I hope... that you know... I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM!
Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Nah, just me. All alone. Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
Hey! Mine was by accident! All right, the boiler explodes and destroys the hotel, and kills the dad.
But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
So you see, Molly, what people don't understand is that acting is a discipline. It takes a lot of hard work.
And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Hey! No-no-no-no, you can't take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Hey-hey, hold on, this isn't some kind of like girly dance. All right, it's like a sport, it's manly!
Alright, alright, hey y'know fair is fair, if you're right, you're right, what can I say, but hey oh no!
Ah, look who's back! Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
I'm not wrong! I wish I was. I'm sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn't sound so bad now, huh?
Ewww! Ugly Naked Guy is using his new hammock. It's like a Play-Doo Fat Factory.
Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough.
A little. Yeah no, I really am worried, you know, I mean I have to make it convincing that I'm in love with Olivia.
Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn't want you to worry about me. But, I'm having surgery today.
Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
No-no-no! Look, I've been thinking about it. I'm an actor right? So I won't get nervous talking in front of people.
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
Well, right after I did that sex study down at NYU. Hey, Remember that sweater I gave you for your birthday?
You guys, this is Shelley, she's interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my friends...
Not enough pills in the world, Rach. What about you, you're the single one, seen anybody in there you like?
Oh no no no no no... It wasn't... It wasn't because of your money problems, it was for something for her.
Yeah. Joseph and his wife, Karen, are thinking of having a third kid... Ya know what? Just did.
Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Come on man! Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
You got pregnant for funny?! Dina...if he's funny...laugh! All right, I'll be back in a little while! You stay here!
Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
Welcome to New York City! Or should I say "ghe deu flooff New York City"?
...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Uh, yeah but uh, I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is...
Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
Well, I guess he says that because they were on a break when it happened, that she should of forgiven him by now.
Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Wow! That's pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear 'cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Oh, yeah... of course... yeah... it's a stuffed animal... you know... it's for kids... not for adults... I know that!
Yeah, maybe it's like y'know, that jock thing. Y'know how football players pat each other after touchdowns.
Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a...
Ok, now that your coat is safely in the bedr-, oh, ok we can come back out in the living room.
Uh-oh. I hade a pretty hectic day at work too, today I had to open a door and go ohhhh!
Oh, that's, uh, that's Phoebe's friend's dog. I don't know what his real name is, but I call him Mozzarella.
Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!"
Thank you, thank you. How about I do something for you? Tomorrow, I'll bring you a hat, cover up the bald?
Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? Did you know this isn't Ma?
Your thumb? That's weird. You sure you're punching right? Make a fist. Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It's eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
I know. I know. And this is so much more complicated than it was for those guys. I mean, it's Rachel for God sakes.
Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Oh sure-And hey, don't get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys. I just...I miss...hanging out...just-just us, y'know?
Thanks so much, Pheebs! We are going to have so much fun, yes we are! Oh! Not that kind of fun.
Sorry! Sorry, I'm late; sorry, I'm late! My duck and my chick and a fight, it-it was ugly.
Y'know I don't think you should be talking at all in there! I think you've got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Yeah, the man wreaks! Smells like he went on a three day fishing trip and then ate some liquorice.
Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue?
Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You're at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
I don't know, but one of the extras sure did! Hey, listen Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!
In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don't need no stinkin' badges!"
No, not that one. We're trying to figure out who to bring to the Knicks game tonight, we have an extra ticket.
Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
Monica just called from the cab. She said they should be here any minute. And apparently, there's some big surprise.
Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good, and... and my co-star's good but they're not as good as me!
What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Absolutely. But, we're gonna stop by the hospital just to be sure, okay? I'll page Ross on the way. Come on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go way too fast. Ok? Just go back to the MET, ok?
Yeah? Well, I don't want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler.
Yeah, y'know at first I thought we could talk about this y'know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don't think I...
Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it's just...I've never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
We'll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want, and when does she stop crying all night?
It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might've happened to a huge chunk of it.
Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight!
Look, it's okay, no, no, no, really, look um, I really appreciate this Pheebs, but I think I'm gonna have to go back to Estelle.
Jan-ice. 'Cause I, just, I feel bad for Ross, you know, we-we always go together, we're like the three hocke-teers.
Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there.
Rach, you're killin' us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!
Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
Yeah, she's been in there all day , uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it?
Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men? Bijan for men?!
So, what, you think I'm just gonna sleep with her and never call her again and things are gonna get uncomfortable? Yeah, sounds about right.
Monica, look... I don't think you and I have any secrets anymore... Not ready to joke about it yet, okay, I see you later.
Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let's hear their plan! Now, what's the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
So let me get this straight. If you go with Bonnie tonight, you're doing the smart, healthy thing and moving on.
Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.
All right look, Ross, he's right. Emily's great, she's great! But this way too soon, you're only gonna scare her!
Ah-ah-ah! We're doing this! Okay, now you got me my first set of head shots. Right, how much were those?
I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
Sure, sure. Ok, "Bleu de la bleu, de la blu bla bleu" See?
Well, well that one has ducks on his t-shirt, and this one has clowns. And Ben was definitely wearing ducks.
Well, I just tape it to the back of my toilet tank. I didn't say that! It's in a bank guarded by robots!
All right, you're probably not gonna want to hear this but ah, if it was me, and this is just me, I would ah, I would bow out.
And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
No, no, Emma has one Hugsy, the new Hugsy, huh? The other Hugsy, I don't know, I guess I'll just take it back.
Uh, Pheebs we kinda need you to drive us all up there in your grandmother's cab, but y'know what, I'll stay.
Yeah! She is cool, and she's so smart! Her mind is totally acrimonious . That's not how she used it...?
Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I'm sorry. How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I'll pay for myself!
When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff.
See look, women, carrying the bag. But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Actually, y'know it's kinda cold, so how about I keep my boxers on, and give you all a peek at the good stuff?
Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
Don't interrupt me when I'm talkin' to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take this man...
If you ask me, as long as you got this job, you've got nothing pushing you to get another one. You need the fear.
Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
The thing is...'cause I live with Rachel I'm here for a lot of the stuff, okay? And Ross...Ross is missing everything. So...
Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
Shh. Shh. Don't try to talk, we'll get you up to your room, we'll soak your feet, you'll be okay.
C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Hey! Are those crab cakes? Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
No-no-no, no, no, wait. You see, I'm an actor, Joey Tribbiani, I'm doing a scene with you today, and well, I stink.
Look, look let's pretend it's a real bachelor party. Okay? Y'know? Before your wedding. Come on, it'll be fun.
Right!"Oh my God, is this the men's room? Oh, I feel so foolish, have you always known you wanted to be an actor?"
I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about it myself. Chandler is my best friend, it would be wrong. Good......But wrong.
My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, same as the day before.
Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
Uh, I think she's still asleep. Hey, hey, how did it go with you guys last night? She seemed pretty pissed at you.
I don't know Ross! I-I tell you what, let's flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Everything is upside down here! It rains all day long, nobody watches tv and Ross is famous!
Hey! I'm an actor too! I'm not sure. I think they're taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
I know. I know. And she's not only my friend; she's my pregnant friend! She's my pregnant friend who's Ross' ex!
Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
No, no, no. When you get home tomorrow night, you and I are going to be at the Wizzards-Knicks game . . . courtside!
Uh no Rach, he's gone. But listen, he told us what happened and it does, it sounds like an honest mistake.
Oh okay, okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey, we're almost there! We're almost there!
Okay fine! I'm a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I'll show ya!
Yeah-yeah, I'm one of the cops that won't work with you 'cause you a lose cannon. Anyway, look, I'm really sorry, but I stink!
Great! Thanks! You're gonna love her so much. And-Oh, she's the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y'know the S.A.T's?
Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. Pass. Pass. Okay, the little thing that hangs down at the back of your throat.
Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
Oh. What's, what's going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad's heart? Is that a sandwich?
Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Alright, then you go to that party and you pretend to be over Mike. And afterward you come to my place and I'll get you good and drunk!
I don't know. I guess there's just always been this distance y'know-I mean we both try to pretend it's not there, but it is.
Come on! You're good with kids. They're just crazy on Halloween. Y'know, they're all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! Ahh! And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom!
It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn't have said. But believe me, that's not gonna happen today.
Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
What? You think I'm too dumb to understand that a husband needs to be with his wife? Huh? Do you think I'm like, "Duh."
Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
Okay. That's good. Okay, that give you a couple hours to prepare what you're gonna say. Good. Yeah. Don't you people ever knock?!
It's Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
You know what? This is a bad idea. Forget it. Forget it, and listen, do me a favor, this conversation was between you and me.
Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
Check the freezer. If there's none in there, then we're probably out. Are you just getting in from work? It's late.
See this is what I was afraid of, I didn't think I should be here either but somebody said he'd be over it by now.
I don't know! It's not like it's porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y'know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh.... That-that-that's really just to show where the baby would go. Y'know why don't I hold on to him so that there's no confusion?
Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
No, things are fine with Kathy. I'm having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. Ha-ha!
I don't know. It's-it's just...lately, I've been feeling... Okay, here's what it is... You know what? I feel a lot better, thanks!
Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
I wish. See, I guess another thing I probably should've told you about Ginger is that she kinda has a ah, artificial leg.
Well, I guess you're right. Maybe, maybe I'll take her down to the incinerator. It's gonna be so said, and kinda cool. She's heeled!
Yeah, yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. You have got competition buddy.
Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie! Oh mommie, oh daddie, I am a big old baddie!
Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it's just not my character that's not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
That's right I stepped up! She's my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I'd pee on anyone of you!
Uh, y'know what, we're having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we'll need a little more time to think about it.
I'd love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping. Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?
Well can you at least stay to the end of the play? I mean, I'll go to the airport with ya, I-I wanna say good bye.
A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes-Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
Aww, man. That's the girl I was hiding from. When she finds out he's my roommate, she's gonna tell him what I did.
Actually, I didn't know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn't have mattered, I'm doing this for the fans, not for the free food.
Oh well, the powerball lottery is upto 300 million and they don't sell tickets here in New York, so...
Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
Yeah, it's okay. I know what a mainsail is. I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Oh, it's great! It's a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
All right, that's it. Y'know I was still gonna let you have her. But now, forget about it. Prepare to feel very bad about yourself.
Yeah, well, I couldn't find any cards, so it was either this or Strip Bag Of Old Knitting Stuff.
Hi. We're the guys who called about the baby. We left the baby on ths bus. Is he here? Is he here?
Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
No, no, look. All I'm saying is that you're my agent, ok? And you're not getting me into any auditions and I'm tired of it.
I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? Maybe a little longer.
listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you're so beautiful...I don't think I can.
Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it's gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Noo! I can't take any more secrets! I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me, ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
Nice try. See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
Hey! Who was up from 2 o'clock this morning until 5 o'clock this morning trying to get her back to sleep?
I guess it could've been, I didn't really look at it. Y'know, I just wiped it on Chandler's coat and got the hell out of there.
No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair ?
I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which, according to my resume, I'm fluent in.
I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
Yes. It's just that she's so much smarter than all the girls I've ever dated! Combined! I don't want her to think I'm stupid!
It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
Just because she went to Yale drama, she thinks she's like the greatest actress since, since, sliced bread!
The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
I don't know, I just always pictured you ending up with one of those tall, smart blond guys, name like.... Hoyt.
Whoa, whoa. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. If you just got back from Tulsa, how did your suitcase beat you here?
Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
No-no-no-no-no! It's a surprise, but it's gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while.
Yes! Didn't you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn't read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
What? I have seven Catholic sisters. I've taken care of hundreds of kids. Come on, we wanna do it, don't we?
I, I don't get you. I mean first, you hate me. Then you sleep with me. Then you want nothing to do with me, now you want me again.
2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me?
Hey, listen Pheebs. I was just talking to the director, and he was thinking, maybe this time you don't hit Drake, you just wait on the tables?
Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn't take any of my suggestions! That's for coming buddy. I'll see you later.
Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. Which I'm not.
And then, then he could use his teeth, his teeth to undo her dress, and, and, and bite her!
Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he should be your best man.
Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
Okay, let's see, we got strained peas, strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up!
It's just I can't because my manager said I... "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Oh... food. No, sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I don't know! Good God, I don't know, I want girls on bread!
Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
What?! All right-Hey! Don't look at me! You're the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear.
No! No! No! It's different for you. You're so strong and together. You're not some dumb kid who doesn't know what she's doing.
So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya?
You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Yeah right after we stole his lunch money and gave him a wedgie. What's the matter with you, he's parking the car.
It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. I'm gonna have to go into the map.
Hey Rach listen, did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
Don't worry! Don't worry. I just told him, very nicely, "You don't go buying people's babies, so back off!!"
My beers?! Look you guys, she's a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just-I don't see it going anywhere.
Alright, alright, okay, uhm... How 'bout this, how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow we'll both go and we'll tell him together.
You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
Hey, hey, I just figure Joseph's the kinda guy that likes to mix it up. Ya know, get in there, ruffle some feathers.
Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I'm not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can't go if I break my leg.
Oh.. I don't know why this is so hard for me. you know.. I mean lying is basically just acting and I am a terrfic actor.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
You guys have one of those signs that says 'We don't swim in your toilet, so don't pee in our pool.', you know.
Hello? What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til 5:00! Well, nobody told me! Who'd you talk to? Nevermind!
Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin' chips is like stretching.
No-no-no-no look no! I won't spit, and I won't stare at Monica's breasts! Y'know? Everyone knows I'm an ass man!
Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! You always have to think about the trail!
Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? Because I can stop doing that, I really, really think I can!
I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
There's a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn't even be put up for it! She'd better have a good reason.
Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
No. Nope, I uh...I th-I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y'know? He's uh, he's a face toucher.
All you want is a dingle/What you envy's a schwang/A thing through which you can tinkle/Or play with, or simply let hang...
My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. Hardly move. Be white.
No-no, I can't! I can't! Not after the other night, it's just it's...too weird, okay? Don't tell her I'm here! Don't eat that!
Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I'm the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I'm also a mento for the kids. Y'know a mento, a role model.
Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Well what's fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that's just people standing around answering questions?
Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it out: hockey tickets, Rangers-Penguins, tonight at the Garden, and we're taking you.
Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Right, right, right, well, she wants to go to all this cultural places and I don't know how to talk about that stuff. You gotta help me out!
Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. She's back! Hot girl's back!
Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Oh we flipped for it. I got the cigar, he got the moustache. Figured if we both grew it, we'd look like dorks.
Hey! I do too think about the consequences of my decisions! What gives you the right to... Go to hell! Stupid guy on my phone.
Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn.
Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
Yeah! But if would've know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn't have worried about it so much! See you around!
Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
All right look, y'know how-y'know how when you're dating someone and you don't want to cheat on them, unless it's with someone really hot?
Oh, yeah, with the mug painting. Yeah. I was so listening to that. But ah, y'know what, I think I kinda need to work on my stuff tonight.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
No idea! But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".
Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.
Well, ah, I'm an actor. I'm fairly neat. I ah, I got my own TV. Oh, and don't worry I'm totally okay with the gay thing.
Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li... Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Right. Dja bu bu Claude. Uh, c'est la pu les la lu blah bloo.
I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just like you! Only better looking and richer.
This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand twice? Huh?
You got it! And the rabbi's beard, 100% horsehair. Nice catch C.H.E.E.S.E.! It's your line C.H.E.E.S.E.! Wayne! Wayne!!
I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I'm dating this girl who's also seeing another guy. But, I don't know, I'm not to worried about it.
Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello?
Yeah, okay but look, buy uh-Hey-hey, y'know, y'know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn't get said enough. I like you Ross.
Yeah. So uh Ross, well now-why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
Oh, yeah. Go for it man, jump off the high dive, stare down the barrel of the gun, pee into the wind!
Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Yeah, yeah. He's got a, he's got a really bad cough, and our vet, he can't do anything about it. Is there something you can do?
I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Yeah-yeah right. That's okay. That's fine. That's uh, pretty much what I was expecting. So uh, it's no big deal. All right? I think I'm gonna go.
Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
Okay. Okay, so I'm writing you a check for...So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
Ah!! Okay! Eyes open at all times! Oh, hey, how do we decide where we... y'know each would, y'know be?
Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside.
Yeah, you missed, 'Takes money to make money,' and uh, 'Don't make me come down there and kick your wall street butt.'
Uhh, well I've got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. You got an extra one?
Guess I don't know. My experience: if a girl says yes to being taped... She doesn't say no to much else, I tell ya...
No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Well, I'm sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y'know? Your parents are comin'! Chandler's parents are comin'! Ross's parents are comin'!
Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days" I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".
Oh no-no, no-no I love living with you. It just seems that...if you're gonna have a roommate, y'know it might as well be the father.
Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
Pantyhose! Y'know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here... I should go take these off shouldn't I?
Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There's a lot of theories that didn't pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let's start sailing, and I want to go over there where that boatload of girls is! Yo-ho-ho!
Or clowns. Oh, oh wait. That one's definitely Ben. Remember, he had that cute little mole by his mouth.
I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
I Play Al Pacino's Butt. All Right? He Goes Into The Shower, And Then- I'M His Butt.
Well I don't like to say it out loud, but, yeah! Don't feel bad man, we all have our strengths. You're better with numbers and stuff.
Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
She looks so real! Y'know what I mean! She's this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and...uh-oh.
You and Milton have to join us on the boat. Karen'll pack a lunch, you'll bring the kids, we'll make a day of it.
Well usually...yeah! Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice. Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me. I'm such a jerk.
Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Fine! All right, I'll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y'know, start to say something stupid.
Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring everything as soon as it's ready? Appetizers, entrees, we don't care.
Uhm... A penis model. Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Yeah, hi. You guys got any of those baby chicks? 'Cause I was watching this ah, commercial on TV and man, those guys are cute!
Yeah, there's this guy from Chicago who's supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy's right after him. Hello!
Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they're gonna be, be drinkin' and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
Oh well, they're killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Maybe, I should call this place and get them to put my 'Days of Our Lives' on here. You know, juice this puppy up a little.
No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and...
Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.
I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
...is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So...
He said that he wasn't gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he's gonna do is have you evicted-I'll see you later.
Have a seat. Last night, I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead, you disrespect me... I cannot allow this.
Oh, a wiseacre. . No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
Oh hey whoa-whoa, don't worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book, it was always nothing.
The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out! Now, I'm gonna fastforward past the part with you, 'cause it is boring.
We're now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Well, suppose until the baby's born I laid off it. No extra animals would die, you-you'd just be eating my animals.
Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Man, I'm starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday...
All right, that's it! He cannot do this to Phoebe. This guy is going to get the butt kicking of a lifetime! But, is he a big guy?
Look, I know I feel asleep before I could shower and now I don't have time! They're just ten blocks away, if I run, I can make it.
I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
But Jo's got a crush on Laurie. Oh. You mean it's like a girl-girl thing? 'Cause that is the one thing missing from The Shining.
Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh, oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
Okay look Rach, I know this is a lot. You don't have to say anything. You-you uh, you take as much time as you need. Okay, you gotta say something!
Oh, y'know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Becasue at first he thought it was Joseph. But after he asked Joseph about it, turns out it was you. Anyway, I just thought you should know.
Everybody smile! Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! Kill me. Kill me now.
No, God, no! No! No no, I'm an actor. You'd probably recognize me from a little show called "The Days of Our Lives".
Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
Okay. Okay, I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh, just stand up straight. Take a couple deep breaths. Look confident.
I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Well, safer. Y'know, I mean I never start reading The Shining, without making sure we've got plenty of room in the freezer, y'know.
Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something... Although actually I'm really not that hungry...
All right, let's do it! 5 hour flight with Charlie, have a couple of drinks, get under that blanket and do what comes naturally.
Yeah, well don't get me wrong, you're a better agent than she is, but at least with her I don't want to blow my pretty dumb brains out.
Hey! Now, I've been watching some tapes, how's this? "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. Oh, I'm out.
Yeah! I totally forgot I'm supposed to be there. I can't believe I forgot. I usually write stuff like this on my arm. Oh! Stupid long sleeves.
I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
It's no big deal, okay? Phoebe and I talked about it. It's just a crush! It's going to go away! Dude, you gotta rearrange your bubbles! Oh!
Are you kiddin'? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she's got this crazy temper. She-She's not standing right behind me is she?
Ah, can I just say I know we're doing this for Ross, and that's cool, but if it was up to me, this is not what we'd be doing on our first date.
So, between her and me being friends, and her history with Ross, it just isn't going to happen. It would be like you falling in love with a cat.
You were amazing, could you just do me this huge favor, you see there's this one other audition that I really, really want, and Estelle couldn't get me in.
Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Well I can promise you, at least one person will be crying. I'm an actor, and any actor worth himself can cry on cue.
Hello, I'm Joey Tribbiani! Let's play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
I mean, she should be with someone like... Ross! You know what I mean, he uses all those big words too! Man, smart people are dull!
Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Hey! I did it. I called my producer. I told him I had a family emergency, he totally bought it. Thanks for teaching me how to lie Pheebs.
No! No, no you can't quit! You're the best agent I ever had! Look Pheebs, rejection is part being an actor, you can't take it personally.
What, oh, oh, oh, no, no, I can't, I can't tell you that, it's like the most awful, horrible thing I've ever done my whole life.
No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
Same kind of thing happened to me! Woman pizza delivery guy come over, gives me the pizza, takes the money, and leaves!
Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl.
What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon! Huh? I'm old! I'm tired! Hey, I'm hot I'm cold!! Huh?? Come on! What can't I do?
Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge on Chandler.
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. What's the matter?
I've been trying for two days. When I called the restaurant, they said she was too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
You may be a sissy but I'll still . All right, it hurts so bad, I could only let her do oneeyebrow and now... they don't match!
All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
"Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
I can do that! "Hello, I'm your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. I didn't get it, did I?
Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck! But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. Oh my God!
I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You've got cotton, silk, lace! And y'know what I've always wondered about?
Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Yeah! All right-Look, I know sometimes it'll be hard, okay? But, it'll also be really...really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey's your pal. Joey's your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they're hanging out with Joey."
Listen, I know the invitation says 6:00, but does that mean that you want people to get there at six, or the show is gonna start right at six?
Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Hey no-no-no-no! It's cool! It's cool! I-I'll only be a second, I'm still with my bride's maid, I just-Where are those condoms you brought?
Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
It's okay. You know, I totally understand, alright? You guys, make way more sense than her and I ever did, you know. And... I want you to be happy.
Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Yeah uh, Phoebe! Look umm, I want to apologize about before, okay? We were being jerks. Parker's a nice guy and I'd like to get to know him.
Well off the top of my head uhh, maybe she's having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang...
Oh! Maybe they'll name yours after you! Y'know, they'll call it, The Ross. And then people would be like, "Awww, he's got a Ross."
Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don't even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
Yeah, there's this superintendent's dance, the Super Ball. I don't know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he's a crush on.
Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...'
A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn't schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Come on, Ross, that didn't mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
You know what it is? It's a nice place but I gotta see I don't know if I see myself living here. Oh, oh, oh, let me see... Yeah, I could see it.
No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They're so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
That's what I wanted to hear! Because she's family, ok, and now you're gonna be family, and there is nothing more important in the whole world, than family.
She made me switch to light Mayo. That's it! That's all I got! And, you know what? It tastes the same and my pants fit better!
Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. How you doin?
I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine's friends are dancers?! And that they're going to be drinking alot!?
Oh great! Y'know I would've been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y'know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day!
I know, but I'm a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
But I-I-I can't stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I'm supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. What?
No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge.
Thanks man. Did you hear that, you guys? You're gonna get to stay here! And, and it's good, you know, 'cause, 'cause now you have a reason to come visit.
Well, hey! Well... Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... I wanna say Mike? To Phoebe and Mike!
Ooh! A tape with a girls name on it. It's probably a sex tape... Wait a minute... This says Monica... And this is Richard's apartment...
Well my old man is doing a plumbing job down there and he heard they have an opening. So, you want me to see if I can get you an interview?
...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. And I just got what you meant again-That is-I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I'm getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me...
I know I'm having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet, and when I finally got up to the plates, I slipped on a giant booger!
Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me, okay? And I'm not just saying this because I'm your friend, I'm sayin' it 'cause it's the truth. You're food is abysmal!
Joey's your best friEnd. You want to make him a cheese sandwich everyday. And you also want to buy him hundreds of dollars worth of pants.
More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! I didn't say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
Hey, finished my recommendation. Here. And I think you'll be very, very happy. It's the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
No man, that's huge! Now, I know I can stand to be around her, which means I get to hang out with you, which is kinda the whole point, anyway.
No I mean it! I can't believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y'know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Don't move! Don't go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! . Pooh.
The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels.
So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this is for party time.
I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
And I couldn't find this little plastic thing that goes on top of the blender...and I thought...well... how important can that be, right...? Turns out very!
Yeah, I guess. It's just parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y'know I'm in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I'm not brain dead.
Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were!
Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Well, it's complicated. She's with this other guy. For a long time. Someone from work, too. And I could never do that to the guy, because we're really good friends.
Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup."
Sure, it's hard to forget! But that doesn't mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, ever talk about.
Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. You know, after having slept with her.
Only if you think it's better than this... snow-in-a-can!! I got it at work. Mon, you want me to decorate the window, give it a kind of Christmas lookie.
All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Ok all right, no, no, no, no, I do, I do, I do, I need your help, but Chandler I don't know if I can take anymoreplucking. It hurts so bad!
Yeah. Listen uh, I'd prefer it if you didn't call me Joey. Since I don't know anyone here, I thought it'd be cool to try out a cool work nickname.
Dude, chill! Okay, we also kissed in Barbados, but we didn't plan it, okay? And the only reason that that happened was because I saw you kissing Charlie.
You wanna see what I got? Okay? I've got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Hello! Oh yeah! It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes. Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
Oh, that's what she meant! You know, if they're gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE! You know, short for museum, and avoid all the confusion!
God, you're beautiful...why are we fighting this?You know you want it to happen as much as I do. Joey: I want you.I need you.Let me make love to you.
Oh my God! I didn't feel a thing ! Hey, are you still looking for a job because you can tweeze circles aroundthat sadistic bitch at the saloon.
God, I just, I hate her! I hate her!! With her, 'Oh, I'm so talented.' and 'Oh, I'm so pretty,' and 'Ooh, I smell so good.'
Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
Yeah, you could go to the game with me, ah, even though I know you said you couldn't. But then you lied to me and tricked me and gave me a bump on the head.
Ah yeah-wait a second now! Look we're gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don't have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old.
What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am...
Quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, quack, tweet, tweet, quack, tweet, quack...
No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don't know why you're pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there's a spot open.
Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you'd handle maid of honor type situations.
Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me, look at me, everything's gonna be fine, trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. Oww crushing bones!
I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
That's better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it.
What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
All right, look, you got to help me out, ok? Look, I have the magic marker, I want you to fill in the skinny one soI don't look stupid for my pictures.
I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean There are things you do..and you now, things.. that you don't do .
Aw! Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down. It'd take forever to pry this up. You should ah, you should just leave it.
Yeah, three days on the lake without a shower. Plus! I fell in that big tub of worms at the bait stand! Hey, how-how's he doing?
Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Anyway, it uh...look it'll just...take me a while to get over her, that's all. I'm not even sure how to do that, I mean I've never been in love before so...
Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists!
Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you--You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale. If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.
Oh my God! That's huge! Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene?
Well, you gotta give him something that he can't say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you're guaranteed he'll say yes!
I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. Excuse me. Joey Tribbiani.
Okay. Okay. Umm...Ooh! Oh-oh, I got something. It's this story I came up with, very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they're like putty.
Oh we're not out. No, no. We're just uh, two heterosexual guys, hanging with the son of our other heterosexual friend, doin' the usual straight guy stuff.
Hey come on now, this is a real date. Uh, so...nice place you got here. Foosball, huh? Pizza box. Oh, a subscription to Playboy, my kind of woman.
Come on! Look just-just tell-let her know that you really want them to be there. Let's not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you're work cut out for you. 'Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she's into some other guy. So...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Oh... oh, but that's ok, I'll find someone else to do it... I'll do it alone, but... I don't know what happens if the sea turtle catches you...
I should know that. Let's see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh...I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you're gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord.
Hey, I'm not interested in her sweater! It's what's underneath her sweater that counts. And besides, since ah, since when do you care who I'm going out with?
And, a brownie! Well, half a brownie. Actually, it's just bag. It's been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin' to feel faint so...
Oh well-Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y'know? It'll-it'll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You're so talented.
Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross's behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y'know, since she has a chance to get on broad back...
I went back to Riffs. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, she brought me a tuna meltt and four plates of curly fries.
All right look, let me show you the catalog! See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. Hey, Angela.
You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Look no, I-I know it's bad, and I know it's wrong. Okay? But-but it's not like anything's ever gonna happen. Y'know? These-these are just feelings, they're gonna go away.
I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! $500 that is a loooot of electricity! Whoo-ho-ho! I gotta buy some food.
I can't. It's like this chemical thing, you know. Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna pull my arm off just so that I can have something to throw at her.
What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel... with Emma's chubby little hands wrapped around ya. It's okay, Emma, you stay asleep.
I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. Nothing.
No-no! I'm fine. It's just... Hey, can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you've known for a while and then suddenly...suddenly see them a different way?
Listen uh, I'm really sorry, it looks like I'm gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn't there!
Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Who called here? Did she sound blond? Huh? Did-did-did she have an accent? I gotta make a call! I shoulda never walked into that Sunglass Hut!
Yeah. You know? You just... Look, you gotta... You gotta think about last night the way she does, okay? Maybe, maybe sleeping together was the perfect way to say goodbye?
Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We're waiting! Okay. Okay guys, one match, winner take all. Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Hey! Don't worry about it! It was fine! I ended up having the best time with Rachel! I just felt bad for you, stuck in that room, working on Ross's speech...
Me too. I mean I...haven't thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn't feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward.
Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Are you calling you people? Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
AH HAH! I DID IT! HA HA! Alright... Better take all I can carry. Who knows when i'll be able to get in here again!
No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she's really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y'know, to give her some advice.
Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just... Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
What? Were you like in the movie, or... Anyway, she takes off her bra under her shirt and pulls it out the sleeve. Very sexy, and classy.
Yes I do! And we're gonna go out, we're gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out...
Bijan for men? Bijan for men? Bijan for... Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you didn't take it, then who did? Shh! We're trying to think!
Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us!
I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I wasn't allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. Probably want the first thing to be, never open your eyes. Y'know, because you don't want to be doing something and then look up and see something you don't want to be seeing.
Because it's all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I'm not happy about you either. Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you.
I wish I could but I just found out that I have to be at work really early the next day, so I can't go, but, you know, take the extra ticket and invite whoever you want.
We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I'll be there as soon as I can.
Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Man, I remember the first time I saw that girl Katherine, after we broke up. She was just walking with her friend Donna, just laughing and talking. God, it killed me.
Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?
Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Look, if I'm bringing home a woman who can't stand being around a baby, then maybe I don't want to be with that woman! Or maybe we'll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You're gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself...without a husband?! You can't be a single mother alone! You're gonna ruin your life!
No, I'm gonna!! That's right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin' out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you're doing the same thing!
Hey, don't start judging me! Huh? You're the one who's in love with her assistant! Huh? And you, you're the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Ok, wait wait wait wait a minute wait a minute, I mean Rach, I mean if if... . If Hugsy means that much to Emma then... well she can have him.
Hey, I'm gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He'd even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he'd make extras and leave 'em for me.
Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris...Holy cow, that's a big word. Trisc... Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
We don't need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we'll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
Hey! Let me ask you guys something. I have a new headshot taken tomorrow right and the photographer said she thinks Ishould have my eyebrows waxed. Is that weird for a guy?
I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit.
Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
I am on fire! Chandler : Listen...this is really nice. Do you... Did you write a cheque to Monica for two thousand dollars? Did Monica borrow money from you?
It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
I'm sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it's either this or a bathrobe! Look, what's more important, the way I'm dressed or me being with you on your special day?
No, no, no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look, Ross, about, about Rachel and I. Listen, you don't have to worry about that, okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
Note the painterly lines and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors as his elusive subject was light itself.
Wha-a how about this: Another table leaves, right? But there's still some food left on their place, okay, what's the restaurant's policy about people eatin' that?
No you won't. Look he knows he did a terrible thing and I believe him, he's sorry. But, you've got one more apology to make, all right, you've got to apologize to Mary-Angela.
But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! That was my agent. My agent has just gotten me a job...in the new Al Pacino movie!
Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they're just, you know, they're nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake, ate great food, that's the first A I've gotten since seventh grade, and I didn't have to sleep with the teacher this time.
Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. Okay, here goes. How you a-doin'? It worked! She's waving me over. Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! Why did I have to start working out again? Damn you 15s!
Okay. Okay, okay, hey. There we go, let's get your feet up there. Good night, Kate. Sweet dreams. I'm gonna put this can right here in case you have to hurl.
"You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for Bang End Scene!"
Rach, come on! They are announcing the numbers! My God, I can already feel myself changing. TV: "Here we are, the official Powerball numbers! We have 53"
Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
Pathetic mess? I know, butcome on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
There's this woman, that I like. A lot. Well, it's complicated. She's with this other guy. For a long time. And I could never do that to the guy, y'know? 'Ccause we're really good friends.
Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I'll talk about London! Y'know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won't say hooked up. I'll say, "Began their beautiful journey..."
come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He's a patient of mine, I've been treating him for years!
Look, it's not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don't want to live with some one who doesn't know what it is to be a friend. So, I'll see ya.
That's not food...No, I don't, no... Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting.
Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Uh, yeah... This guy at work got me excited about going in on an emu farm. That'd be kinda cool huh? Pitchin' in on the weekends, helping to plant the emus...
Just casually slip it in, y'know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I'm a loner-No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn't want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.
Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y'know you're in the bathtub together and she's feeding you strawberries?
Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere...
You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Thank you. Wait wait wait wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am. . .
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz...
All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Uh, de-clawing cats. Hey, tell ya what. Let me walk you home. We'll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.
Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
Umm, now uh... It's a scary world out there, especially for a single mom. Y'know, now I always thought you and I had a special bond so... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?
Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- That's fine, yeah...
Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen...
Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show.
Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... Okay, bye bye. She was nice!
Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here!
All right. Okay. You and Monica, friends for a long time, and sure there are rules, but then you went to London. Oh, no, but that's different. I mean, there are rules there, too! You know what I mean?
Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run!
Yeah-Hey, don't worry, she's a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I'm not looking for a serious relationship; that'd be great.
Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
Okay. Table, you have given us so many great times. And you guys, Jordan, Victor, Joel... All of you guys. What can I say? You guys make us look good. You wanna say anything?
Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Oh, you have no idea. And-and when we're on stage I get to-to kiss her and-and touch her, but then she goes home with the director, and it's like somebody's ripping out my heart!
Because... look, no one wants this to happen more than me, ok? I have gone over this moment in my head a hundred times and not once did I ever say no! I couldn't do it to Ross!
Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
And while we're down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! Oh, y'know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the C.I.A. That'd be cool.... This blows!
Hey, see that? He just needed his pal to come home. All right, uh, I've got to go memorise my lines. Me and Charlton Heston bright and early tomorrow morning! Yeah-yeah!
Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs.
I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?
Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
Look, there's nothing I can do for him right now, he's still in his sweat pants, that's still Phase One. Y'know? I'll be back for Phase Two, I would never miss Phase Two.
Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
All right, ladies and gentlemen, let's poke. Steady. Steady. Okay, a little higher. Careful of the angle. Okay, okay, we're approaching the window Thread the needle. Thread the needle.
Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
How does it feel knowing you're never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you're gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
Okay, all right, this is how it's going to work. We're gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and what's even more amazing, so did she. It was bat day at Shea Stadium.
Oh, ehm...I'm...I'm rehearsing my lines.They gave me a big romantic story on Days Of Our Lives. It's the first time my character's got one. I'm so nervous, you know, I really want it to be good!
It is me! It's a musical version of Tale of Two Cities. So I think I'm gonna sing New York, New York, and ah, oh I left My Heart in San Francisco.
Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don't need that kind of talk in my house!
Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she's trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye.
Listen I uh... It's a scary world out there especially if you're a single mom. Y'know, I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond. Y'know? So, Rachel Green will you marry me?
Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's $12.75.
But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
Yeah! Well, I think we'll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don't."
Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine!
Well, see when you're acting you need to think about stuff like that. My character, Joseph the processor guy, has two little girls, Ashley and Brittany. Ashley copies everything Brittany does.
And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don't fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they'll start listening to all the nice things I've been saying about you.
Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
That's okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It's not gonna be what you thought, but no matter what there's gonna be a brand new little baby, your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
Hey! As soon as it stops raining we have got to go snorkeling! Some kid told me about the sea turtle and, if you blow bubbles in its face, it chases ya!
Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
What am I going to do? You know, and I keep, I keep trying to get rid of these feelings, y'know? I stayed up all last night and made a list of everything I don't like about her. You want to hear it?
Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats .
No! I want an award I did win! But nobody's giving me any of those! Plus-Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there right? When people come over they'll see it and they'll think I won it.
See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother.
Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
That's right! 'Cause I'm a Tribbiani! And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders, we don't read a lot or run very fast, but damnit! We can eat!
I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
Look at this clown! Just because he's got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. Get out of the way jackass! Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
The question should be Rach, what is not so great about the shining. Okay? And the answer would be nothing. All right? This is like the scariest book ever. I bet it's way better than that classic of yours.
Oh yeah, sure, that makes sense. Yeah. 'Cause you already told her you love her and she didn't say it back, then she called you and told you that there's another guy, so yeah, go to London that'll scare her!
Hey, this is ridiculous. I'll tell you what. After I get back from my neice's christening, I'll go down to the coffee house with you and we'll all have a nice cup of coffee alright. No problem, Joey's there.
Look, Rach, Rach! I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
There's my scene, there's my scene. "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..."
Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister.
Yeah, I figure they'll love it at the new house, you know? It has that big backyard. And then, when they get old, they can go to that special farm that Chandler took the other chick and duck to.
Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? Have you not talked about it yet? Am I making you uncomfortable? If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh.
No, no. Nurse With Tray doesn't know Joey, she doesn't have time for friends. She gets in that operating room and she carries that tray to the doctor, because if she doesn't, people die!
Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall.
Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
I do. There's uh, let's see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I've Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians.
Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing, okay? First, Phoebe getting married Congratulations! ... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
Hi, here's the deal. We lost a carseat on a bus today. It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller. Oh, and there was a baby in it. He wants to talk to you again.
Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
Yeah! Yeah! I mean I'm sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y'know Chandler always supported my career. He's paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Oh, all blank, and no blank, make's blank a blank blank. Oh no-no-no, no, the end when Jack almost kills them all with that blank, but then at last second they get away. Aww!
One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember &#150; stay cool.
I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.
I don't know. Just uh, just tell 'em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or-No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don't think you can blame it on them so...
No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. I canna work on a new accent.
But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything.
You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I think it's better if you tell him, you know. It's easier for a woman. That way, you know, if he gets mad, all you have to do is go... I didn't mean it. I'm so so--ooory.
That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that egg nog in our fridge was great!
Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
I don't know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell 'em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
"When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and..." And then I can't think of a good word for right here.
I hate this woman!! I hate her! She told everyone in the company about that info-mercial, and now they all keep asking me to open their drinks. Okay, and whenever I can't do it, they're all like-like laughing at me.
Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
I mean seriously, she's like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn't and wanted to be with me, I would take her in my arms and... I haven't bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay? And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using a breast pump...
Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Oh... Can you imagine if I hadn't left you that last one? You two might've never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It's like it was in the stars!
Here's how I know you didn't watch the tape, ok? If you had seen what was on this tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan.
Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. You really think I'm ready?
Yeah! Yeah y'know, like warm up the crowd. Ask 'em where they're from. 'Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I'm a minis-tainer! There is no one better! There is no one greater!
It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel-Damnit!
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about.
Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Oh, it's this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It's really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas...and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they're hungry or sleepy. Y'know, kids are tough. Good luck with that.
All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don't want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I'll get over this." Y'know? I just-It just keeps gettin' harder. I don't, I don't know what to do. Y'know? What do I do?
Okay, first-first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down , look down, keep looking down; then I look up. See? All right, now you try. Look down , you're looking down, keep looking down...
Chandler, look they're actors. They're there to do a job, just 'cause they work together, doesn't mean they're gonna get together. I mean just 'cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn't mean it's gonna happen with them.
Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!!
Monica's chicken parm! I'll take care of it. Hey Mr. Treeger, it's Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler's apartment. It's an emergency. Uhh, gas leak! Yeah oh, and bring garlic bread.
I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
You are so the man! Now look, listen, listen, you got to be cool, 'cause my Grandma doesn't know about you two yet, and you do not want to tick her off. She was like the sixth person to spit on Mussolini's hanging body. Yeah.
Is that why you bought all this stuff?! Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or a sexy cheerleader huh-Ooh-ooh, Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre-No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.
Yeah and the most important thing is that it won't be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It'll be me! And I swear I'll do a really good job. Plus, y'know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Chandler, you have to start getting over her. All right, if you play, you get some fresh air, maybe it'll take your mind off Janice, and if you don't play, everyone will be mad at you 'cause the teams won't be even. Come on.
Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that's a...
Are you kidding? Rachel loves to shop! And she has great taste! Yeah, she's the one who taught me, you don't wear white after labour day and that you always, always, always have to put on underwear when you're trying on clothes.
Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
Excuse me, Aaron? Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn't supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It's my best friend's, and I'm officiating so I really can't work past four.
I'm sorry! This never happened to me before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open! I blame your bra!
Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. Ready? Ahh!! Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don't order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That's a good way to lose some fingers!
Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still... And guess what, I'm thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. Hey! I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
Oh hey come on, don't-don't-don't do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I'm thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?!
Well, I'm pretty tired from lugging the trees around all day. Hey, Phoebe listen, you got this all wrong. Those trees were born to be Christmas trees, their fulfilling their life purpose, by, by making people happy.
A handsome man enters. Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn't, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny 'til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You've done a lot for me and my career, I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay, so how much do I owe you?
It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally--Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is...
Ahh, alright, alright, alright, I was young and I just wanted a job, OK. But at the last minute I couldn't go through with it so they let me be the guy who comes in to fix the copier but can't 'cause there's people havin' sex on it.
Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye-l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I'm really nervous about-about being you. Y'know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y'know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, then they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Noo, more like a notebook... Damn it! Oh, if I'm building an house, the plan isn't called the 'shmoo-print'... Can't say that either? Woha... hey... In high school, I once had sex with a girl right in the middle of the...
Thank you. Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and that any that stuff I just said means snails.
Please I have an extremely high threshold...Holly Mother Of God! My face! My face!! I'm all right! I'm all right!Just a little bit of shock that's all but I'll be fine you can go again. I'm OK Dammit! Woman!! How Hoooow!
Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. Hey, remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. I'm very upset.
No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day.
Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? 'Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would've done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that's just for ugly people.
And the winner is...Joey Tribbiani! Oh... Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn't prepare a speech. But umm, I'd like to thank my parents, who've always been there for me. I'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel...
All right. It's a new day, and it's just a crush, that's all! Just a little crush! All that worrying I was doing, that was crazy. Crazy! Like my friend here the bird would say, "it was cuckoo!" Everything's going to be fine. It's just a crush.
Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
Somebody opened the door to the coffee house and a raccoon came running in, went straight for your muffin and I said "Hey don't eat that-that's Phoebe's" and he said.. He said.. "Joey you stink at lying." What am I going to do?
They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Well, he can be a little rough around the edges, so I'm gonna replace a word he used a lot, with the word "puppy." Okay, So He Said "If your puppy friend doesn't get her puppy act together, I'm gonna fire her mother-puppy ass."
Well what's complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You're in Paradise Pond!
Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! And her roommate!
Yeah! Right! People eat birds... Bird meat... Now do they just fly into your mouth or you go to... you go to a restaurant and you say: "Excuse me, I'll have a bucket of fried bird." Or... or maybe just a wing or...
Yeah, or you can teach him a lesson. Y'know? What you could do is you could rub something that really smells on your butt, all right? Then, when he goes to smack ya, his hand will smell. Now what could you rub on your butt that would smell bad?
All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
All right, you know what? We don't have a choice. It's like I would have said in that sci-fi movie if I'd gotten the part. "Those are our men in there, we have to get them out! Even if I have to sacrifice the most important thing in my life; my time-machine."
Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad's company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn't in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do...so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad for the paper tray.
No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! I mean, way to go Ben! Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
We can't, alright? We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok? First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... Stop lying!
What?! That's not fair! It's not my fault! I was off with my bride's maid! And who's to say I would've even said yes?! I mean I would've said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. I totally understand. You need to y'know make sure I don't have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don't you worry; I have nothing to hide. So there you go, that's me. One hundred percent natural! I tell ya, that has never happened before.
Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Thank you all for coming. We're here today to pay respects to a wonderful agent and a beautiful woman... ..inside. As Estelle's only two clients we would like to say a few words. Dude, where's my speech? That is entertaining. Al Zebooker everybody.
No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Look, c'mon, please? It's not like I'm asking for some crazy favour. This is what I do for a living. I am a professional actor! Oh, man, I'm two hours late for work! . Look, here's a copy of my reels. It's got all the commercials that I've been in.
I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I'll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. What were we talking about?
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now.
Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, comes with a bag!
So, we're walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, "Hey, let's go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes," remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, "Nah, let's just hang out at your place." Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
Come on Treeger, don't say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let's ahh, let's try it again. Come on. Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y'know, I'm not really that comfortable dancing with a- We-he!! Hey!
Well you're not selling the story! It's like; it's like you don't believe it! Look, I gotta go. I got a date, but try this. Do what I do when I'm preparing for an audition. Okay? I'll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you're doing wrong.
Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too.
Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's I was justyeah, right. Push! Push!
Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! Yeah... that's a funny cup!
Uh! That's a tough one. Oh! Wait a minute, this happened to me before! Yeah, I was auditioning for a play and the producer fell asleep and... no wait a minute... it was me who fell asleep... Yeah I mean hey, Shakespeare, how about a chase scene once in a while!?
Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever!
All right!! Okay, it was like four years ago. Okay, Ginger and I had gone out a few times, and then this one weekend, we went up to her Dad's cabin. Just me, her, and her annoying little dog Pepper. Well that night, I cooked this really romantic dinner....
Well okay, so then you're fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it's hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It's when the heat goes away, that's when you're in trouble.
Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand!
I wish. No. After dinner, me, her, and Pepper all fell asleep in front of the fire. Well I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw that the fire was dying out. So, I picked up a log and threw it on. Or, at least what I thought was a log.
I-I think everybody's pretending they don't hear you. Anyway, look, I don't know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I'm telling you, he will sit in it! Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Well uh, I wanted to have a few beers, but uh, I got rid of those because Rachel couldn't stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh, it's a couple weeks past it's expiration date, so it's got a bit of a kick.
Oh yes I do. Otherwise what's next? Today I'm just a guy who can't finish a turkey, but tomorrow I'm the guy who eats half a Powerbar, wraps up the rest, and puts in the fridge? No! No, I just...I just-I gotta change my pants. Jeans have no give.
Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, we have a large foot. Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. Everyone wave 'Hi' to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. Okay, moving right along. Come on.
I guess I'm going to have to come up with a really good reason why I wasn't there. The producers are going to be so mad at me. They sat us all down yesterday and said "Everyone has to be there at 6:00 AM sharp, that means you Tribbiani." Like.. like I was some kind of idiot.
Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Well. I guess you think you're pretty special huh? Sittin' up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin' stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y'know what? This is one star who's hoop... This is a star that the hoop-this hoop-I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Ross! Get a shot of this. Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff.
I don't know. She's got to be taking it hard, I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I'm guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she's not a great agent, but she did stick with me for ten years. I'm gonna call her and hire her again.
It's not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it's-it's everything. Y'know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous, and then he consoled me after I didn't get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn't believe in myself.
Over there! Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Let me see if I approve any of these clowns. This guy wears a rug . This guy's Canadian . And this guy is in a cult, ok, and it costs you 5,000$ to get to level three and I don't feel any different. Joey: Pass, pass, oh, pass, double-pass, pass...
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. I just did it. I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it.
That's all right. Hey you guys, you know what's going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I'm doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! What the hell's going on over here?!?!? Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Great, well, I'm happy for ya. Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice f or the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: 'How you doing?' You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please.
No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
Yeah, I guess it is. And so... I'm gonna get on this spaceship, and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you'll be long gone. But I won't have aged at all. So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne... baby...I'm gonna want to meet her.
I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it, and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y'know it wouldn't kill ya to respect your wife's privacy! Stupid closet full of bugs!
Yeah. Yeah, so what? Look, I live across the street, and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Uh, if I may? Umm-umm look, Cliff, you told me a lot of personal stuff about you, right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh, she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh, she gave birth to her brother's triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? Not just a hat rack my friend!
No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings?
Well that's true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character's catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It's really sweet and-and tender.
It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
It's gonna be worth it. It's a known fact that women love babies, all righ? Women love guys who love babies. It's that whole sensitive thing. Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there. Maybe one of them will break away. No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left. All right, gimme the baby.
And before you know it, she's with him. And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!' And he'll be all, 'Yes!' And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.' And pretty soon you'll be like, 'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.' And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'
Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. But not as much as I love America. Could we please..go home now?
Oh! ok, yeah, I think I can do that. Yeah ok, there's this party scene coming up.. and Olivia and her husband are there and all Drake wants to do is grab her and kiss her, but he can't... And that makes me think about all those times when I wanted to grab you and kiss you, but you didn't know so I would just pretend everything was cool, but really, it was killing me.
No ... the leather sticks to my ass. You know, this isn't fair. What makes you think that I'm just gonna sleep with her and then blow her off? Huh? Can't you guys open your minds to the possibility that I actally like her, and might want something real? Look, the truth is, I haven't felt this way about anyone since Rachel, ok? I didn't think I could ever love again.
Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? What the hell is in that face cream? That's so soft. Pillowcases! Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar... The vicar? ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his... Whoa! Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book!
Hello? Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? It's the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week's script. Canceled?! Like they're taking it off the air? Ohh. All right, see you Monday. We're not even shootin' them anymore?!! All right, bye! They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. Hello, Jennifer? Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? Oh, she's not home huh? Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Okay! All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! Ah-ah!! Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? Stupid! I can't believe it! God! Hey, how you doin'?
Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so... "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." Eh? "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Well, I've never been through the tunnel myself, 'cause as I understand it, you're not allowed to go through with more than one girl in the car, right. But, it seems to me it's pretty much like anything else, you know, face your fear. It have a fear of heights, you go to the top of the building! If you're afraid of bugs.....get a bug. Right. In this case, you have a fear of commitment, so I say you go in there and be the most committed guy there ever was.
What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Are you kidding me? I'm great! Yeah, I'm uh; I'm better than great. I am good. And now that she's gone, I can uh, I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn't do before. Y'know? Like umm, I can walk around naked again. Y'know? I can uh, I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh, this is good for me. Y'know? I like being on my own, I'm uh, better off this way. I'm uh, a lone wolf. Y'know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What's a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?!
Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along.
Well.. hey, you know what else I could use? There's a scene where Drake sneaks into Olivia's bedroom, and she doesn't know he's there - which never happened with us! And he knows he shouldn't be there, but he just wants to look at her... you know? And I remember all those mornings before you even put on your make-up, when I would think to myself, my God, she...is... beautiful... and it hurts so much, cuz I knew I could never tell you but it was worth it just to be there looking at you. Joey: Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! Closing credits.
That's my line! I can take it from here, thanks. Dearly beloved, I'm sorry I'm a little late. You may be confused by this now, but you won't be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let's get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I've known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I've left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica?
Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Uh, really good. Really good. Yeah, I should be ready to kill myself any day now. Wow, you sure found that quick. I just-I wish I didn't feel this way about Rachel anymore, y'know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean, I love living with her and God, helping out with the baby is just amazing, but now I think...I think Ross feels left out. Y'know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital, the doctor thought I was the father. God... You should've seen the look on Ross's face. By the way, I have no idea what I'm doing here. For all I know I'm just locking it more. Oh hey, did you try opening it with a credit card?
do you have any cake? >>> Joey's Subconscious So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute I think I've been scared by that painting before. You know what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment I know I've seen this weird plant before AWCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
I'd like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. And-and there was some sad memories. I'm sorry. And-and some scared memories-Whoa! Eh? And then, and then I realized I'll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. Oh! To the happy couple!
Uh, why, it's a... one of her favorites, uh, "Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression" eesh! "Love you forever". Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be". . And while he rocked her, he sang "I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be".
There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Thank you.
Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop , from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is......Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn't be with us tonight so I'll be accepting this award on her behalf. And I'm sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She'd also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who's sittin' right there!
