Hi. We're buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we could just take a look around.
I'm gonna hang this basket on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Hand me those tomatoes, I'm gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Wow, all you need now is The Killing Fields and some guacamole and you've got yourself a part-ay.
Phoebe, it's not what you wear. It's sort of your songs... I just don't think you should play at the restaurant anymore.
But either way... You're gonna get married, you're gonna be happy, my mom's gonna like you better than me.
Hello, this is Monica... Yeah??? Oh... Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down. Thank you.
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh...Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you've never sucked before!
Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out!
Oh really, you want to talk about quality? Have you heard of a key? It's what some people sing in.
Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
"Take me to the mansion in the sky-y". I am sorry, the song is over. Did you see me out there?
Phoebe is going to say "Yes" to David. See, that's what happens when you meddle in people's lives!
That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Wow! You might just get the first Nobel prize in rubbing. So what country is this guy from?
I gotta make up the guest bedroom. Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.
Okay, just back off mister! Whoa. 'Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.
You know that's nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!
For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing.
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I'm gonna look different. I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure that you are!
Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Look at me! My big concern is what's real?! Oh my God. We're really sad, aren't we?
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days.
Nice work everybody! So much for the y'know, "You can drive it, but don't tell Rachel" plan!
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency.
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! Can you believe they make these for little people?
I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!
No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another, we're giving a baby back to Rachel.
No, no! We should divide them up and I should get extra because we used my card to buy them!
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise.
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody.
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it's all your fault.
But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
uh huh.. I mean these things happen. Its' just a plate. Its not like somebody died.
Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh...
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Okay, well, we have to get past this! Why don't we get rid of the tape and pretend it never existed?
Come here. I'll make you feel like one of the guys. You know for a really cool guy, you suck at foosball.
I'll get it. Hello. Hi Emily! Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
Yeah! All right, maybe you don't have to smile. Let's try something else. Let's try umm, try looking sexy.
You know, on the way over here, I saw this drunk guy throw up. And then a pigeon ate it!
No! That's where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
Alright, well, this does not change anything. Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face.
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Ok, the first person's most embarassing memory is, 'Monica, your party sucks.' Very funny.
So whenever you're ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! I can't feel my legs!
Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn't.
Oh! Oh my God! That is the most beautiful top of a head I have ever seen! Chandler, you have to see this!
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
: Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
Alright, for the bizillionth time, yes I see other women in shower at the gym, and no I don't look.
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't..., but this is about your horrible mistake.
Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral.
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think?
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo . It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Okay that's it. I give up. At mom and dad's 40th anniversary, you're the one giving the speech.
Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Well, every, every Thanksgiving um, we used to have a touch football game called the 'Geller Bowl.'
Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
It says "Do it!". And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good.
You're the most incredible woman I've ever met. How can I lose you? Now, I don't actually have a ring...
Because! She's my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We're family y'know? Well that's important to me.
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! Chandler!!!!
Ow! Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler!
Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Wow. Y'know it is so weird. I mean, you're gonna tell this guy today and he has no idea what's gonna happen.
Me too! Yeah, Chandler can't stand it. He won't even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
Please, when he left town you stayed in your pajamas for a month and I saw you eat a cheeseburger.
Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Did you just hung up on me? All right, look, I need you at the rehearsal dinner tonight at 1800 hours.
We're going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It's time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
MEG was good for me but I dumped her. Ya know, my motto is get out before they go down.
Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn't show up by then, then just come on home.
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Look at that! Look at that! They're going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
God! Look at all these tickets! It's so exciting! You know I haven't won anything since the sixth grade.
Oh, well don't take it to the same place you took the stereo, 'cause they've had that thing for over a week.
Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed.
No, it just remind me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?
Okay, Okay, All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house into a guest house.
Well what is it? What is it? If it's gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Maybe we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they can change his number.
Rachel would be Phoebe's, I would be Rachel's, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Y'know what, don't tell us. We'll just wait until Chandler gets home, because it'll be more fun that way.
Alright, lets say that it is him, would we not want the baby? No! Would we treat him any differently?
Oh! Let's see, well...if this is the wedding hall then umm you're parents will be at home in Queens.
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Ok, you see, the tag shouldn't be at the top left corner, it should be at the bottom right corner.
Ah no, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Years... but obviously someone forgot.
So, if you're parents hadn't got divorced, you'd be able to answer a question like a normal person?
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleecker. Could you pick them up for me?
Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
Ok, my husband just gave your boyfriend some very bad advice. Look, David is going to propose to you tonight.
Oh, he is. And he is so dreamy. I mean, y'know what, when he left I actually used the phrase, 'Hummina-hummina-hummina.'
Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Oh please! Yesterday on the subway? You couldn't stop staring at that woman with the big breasts the whole time.
Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don't like us do they?
Look at it! Ohhh! Wallpaper's a little faded, that's okay. Carpet's a little loose. Hardwood floors!!
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
It's okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.
Do you realize that four weeks from today we're getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.
Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They're killing me! One toe at a time!
Chandler, this is crazy! What did you even say to him! "Come up, meet my wife! Give us your sperm"!
Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.
So I'm not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism. 3rd Customer: The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind of a mood-killer!
All right, I'm gonna show you something a lot of guys don't know. Rach, give me that pad, please? All right. Now...
Okay, looks like Ross and I are captains. Okay, so um, I bunnied first so that means I get to pick first. Joey.
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
Well, I guess we should go back in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda.
Oh, I so can't believe this! My uterus is an inhospitable environment? I was trying so hard to be a good hostess!
Oh no, you see we're on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class?
Anyway, it just doesn't seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It's a lot of work.
What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!
Okay. It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count. Let's get this bad boy on the road.
: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Let's take a walk. Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine!
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled glee.
How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
See? This is exactly why I'm making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they're hungry.
'Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I'm not gonna have and it's freaking me out. I don't know what to do about it.
Come on Phoebe, let's go! Come on, it's time to get serious, huddle up. Joey, keep your head in the game.
Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we've decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today.
Hey that reminds me, I thought we could use some extra luck so I brought a wishbone home from work.
'Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I'm-I'm done now. They've suffered enough.
No, honey, its. thats a special plate. See its a game, whoever gets that plate wins.
I-I-I'm sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn't hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now?
Isn't it? Then what about the amazing wainscotting and the crown molding and the dormer windows in the attic?
Yeah, well kinda cute, like really kinda cute, or kinda cute like your friend Spackel Back Larry?
Oh no-no-no, it's only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
All right, let me see. Will Chandler have sex tonight? Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.
Okay, y'know what? Don't worry, okay? We'll take care of it. We'll call her. Just go home and get ready.
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
How could you mess this up? It's so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!!
Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview.
I can't do that either! The soles' are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
You see, if we'd gone around them like I said, we-She would've given us those tickets. Damnit!
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
You see that guy? He's in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he's going straight to the porn.
No, I think we should save our china for something really special. Like if the Queen of England comes over.
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum.
Ok first of all...It would be great. But that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. I need to borrow some money.
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what's going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
Abso... ...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate.
Because I need the money, and I thought that it'd be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
And it could be soon. I mean, think about it: right now, somewhere out there our baby could be being conceived.
I don't know. I mean, you saw him do a love scene, so maybe you don't have a thing for Joey, maybe you have a thing for Drake.
Oh my God. That was so amazing! When did you Hold on! I almost forgot loser! When did you stop sucking?
Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!"
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked?
Isn't that sad? I mean, can you see how pathetic that is? You shouldn't be jealous. You should feel bad for him.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
It's gonna be ok. Ryan's been under water. He's just gonna be so glad that you don't have barnicles on your butt.
So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
Sex! This is the last day I'm ovulating, and when we don't do it now, we'll have to wait till next month.
Y'know in a weird way, you have too much power. Look, you're gonna have to help me out here, 'cause I only have three.
Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn't give me grief about me biting them.
Oh my God! Oh, this is incredible! Ohh! All right, y'know what? I'm just gonna roll right into that office and-and quit!
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date.
Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would write one for us.
Wow! Look At This! I Can'T Believe I Even Fit Into This Shirt! Oh, this is yours.
No, he's not. And if I can't get pregnant with you, then I don't want to get pregnant by... him or anyone else.
Well, at least you have one thing to be happy about. That jerk Gavin from your office didn't show up .
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! How long before it starts getting annoying?
No, no, not a party. Just a surprise gathering of some people Rachel knows. Um, this is Phoebe and Chandler and Joey.
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier.
All right, I'm gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
It's 2101 and I am not amused. . Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say.
Listen, um honey, I appreciate this but you don't have to keep hanging out with them for me, I mean, they have each other.
Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there's a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
And Nancy said that it's really under price, because the guy lost his job and has to move in with his parents!
Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, And you! Get the swordfish! And you! Get a haircut!
That's right. You're making a commitment and that's the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?
Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
I'm making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
Oh my god, where's my purse? No, you know what? I can replace everything in there. Get that binder, and let's go!
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
It's not a date, okay. I'm just gonna teach him how to make lasagne for some pot luck dinner he has.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional.
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer. Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Well, you just-you put a quarter in and y'know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Listen, I'm sure that dad doesn't care. He probably thought this was funny; he'll be telling this story for years!
You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time? Ooh, now I get to use my shredder!
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would've made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
I gotta go water Pete's plants. Y'know what, if he's gonna break up with me, maybe I won't water his plants.
Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm attracted to Geoffrey...
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you.
Oh, no. He doesn't have time for that. But if you want, you can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room.
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
That's right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don't want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Oh my God! It's true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
All right Rachel, you sweep behind, I'll pitch it to you, you throw it down field to Phoebe. All right. Break.
I'm-I'm sorry, it's just that umm... Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro's, and umm I just got a really bad review...
Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don't you go home and wait for the thank you card?
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y'know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y'know, they were the right way to go.
Well no wait a minute that's not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
I have like five times, but the guy is so charming, that I go up there to yell and then I end up apologizing to him.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
You are! Hey, here's twenty bucks. -- Why don't you go buy yourself something pretty while I'm at work tomorrow?
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Good? Didn't you hear them...I was great! Thank you so much for making me do this. That's is the best gift ever.
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Well, CHP because I used to have a crush on Eric Estrada. And ZXY becuase I think it sounds zexy.
I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don't worry about it!
Okay. So you, me and London. Looking at people differently. Maybe he wants to do what you and I did in London with someone.
No, last time you said it like Dracula, and it scared her! Can I get you anything? You want some more ice chips?
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Well I-I talked to and uh, she's definitely going to have this baby. Y'know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
All right, come on guys, let's go! Tie score, and we're runnin' out of time. Forty-two!! Thirty-eight!! Hike!
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and... You go.
Oh, I haven't had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I'm never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Well, I said 'no' to her coming over now! I couldn't say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to please people!
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
I can't! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I'd wear them all the time, I just can't give them away!
Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
Ugh, I guess it got sent to the billing address as opposed to the shipping address. Uh! What a pickle.
Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until the sixth, so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
Aw, my little nephew. Come here, little one. There's my little baby Ben. Hey, my little boy. Hey, he's not crying.
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Come on Rach, when a guy says he's going to call, it doesn't mean he's going to call. Hasn't it ever happened to you?
This isn't mine. Hey, this isn't, this isn't my stuff! Ugh, Ross! These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
This is not, what I'm wearing. I'm ovulating and Chandler's gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Okay. All right, turkey. Eh, that won't work. Cheese? That won't work. Olive loaf? I hope that won't work.
Used to work with her. Used to! I'm a relative and I didn't get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just......throw your purses at it.
Alright, wait a second, why would Ross tell everyone in your class that you are as... "gay as the day is long"?
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Okay. Mrs. Green! Okay I'm really sorry!! I'm apologizing for the- Okay, I bit my tongue, but I'm still really sorry!
Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks like a cave! What a hole!
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
All right Rach, for what it's worth, I think that you're doing great. I mean y'know let's face it, no one handles this well.
Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes?
Don't get too cocky! Remember I won the last one! Oh, by the way, how did that feel, losing to a girl?
What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
Oh, hey handsome! Oh, I'm gonna love you so much that no woman is ever gonna be good enough for you! Oh, we are so lucky!
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh!
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Oh my god. We're trying to get pregnant so he's probably starting to freak out about the fact that my body is going to change.
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Well... That's not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Umm, I'd love too! Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers. And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
We left Joey alone with the food! Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Dad, please don't pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you're gonna put your feet up, why don't you sit on the-
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Thats not how you see me, is it? Phoebe while cutting a sweet potatoe in the air: No you're all about the fun.
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can't eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
All right, I've got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I'm getting the feeling that you don't want to deliver.
I know, he's too charming, but if you two start going out, then it's just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.
No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him.
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Because he's terrible! Okay, he's slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker!
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Oh, um, around 8:02. We ah, talked for a little while, and then um, we went out for an innocent burger.
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
That tape was never meant to be seen by... Joey I would feel more comfortable if I was having this conversation in private.
Okay, I think that's it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they're having fun don't they?
Hello? Chandler, what's wrong? Oh my God, are you alright? Yeah, I'll be right there. I'm so sorry, but Chandler was in a car accident.
Okay? Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it's gonna shrink.
Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Ahh, Pete, the other day when you said you needed to talk, umm, just so I know, is it good news or bad news.
Okay, Ben, I won't tell your daddy that you had ice cream for dinner, if you don't tell about our little bonking incident.
Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Sounds smart and healthy to me. So um, just out of curiosity, um, do you currently have any other racquetball buddies?
Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking!
You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby!
Y'know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
: Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Okay it's time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I'm going to do it.
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Oh I'm working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out.
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class.
I give good massages! I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch!
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It's not even a song!
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing so hard, I swear... a little pee came out.
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Look honey, I wanted you to hook up with Ross as much as you did. But he's with her now and you're just gonna have to get over it.
Ohh, of course we are! We left it up to fate. If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and...it bent.
It's just... It's hard enough not seeing you during the week, but for Christmas... alright, if this is what you have to do, I understand.
Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken.
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first weighing stuff.
Hi Amanda! Actually now... it's... is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? Ok, Phoebe and I will see you then!
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
I mean I-I thought you were nuts at first, but you-you did it. And now you can just look back at this thing with no regrets.
Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad with a little kid walks to grandpa, it's chilling.
Okay. Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs.
You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey told this really sexist joke. After that, not so funny anymore.
I am really an idiot. you see, I was filling out my friend's form, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... Okay...
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
I wanna buy 5 shares of SGJ and I wanna buy them now. C'mon time is money my friend. Thank you. Wooo.
Oh, I still can't believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn't make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Yeah. But a part of me also can't wait 'til it's over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 pounds!
Yeah, and y'know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four.
I don't know it! I want to have a kid with you because I think you're going to be an amazing dad... at the fun parts and the hard parts.
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it's time the velvet ropes came down.
Guys can fake it? Unbelievable. The one thing that's ours! Besides, why would you fake it when we're trying to have a baby?
I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. Joey? Now is not the time!
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren't jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don't you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself!
It's not ok to do it in a doctor's office but it is ok to do it in a parked car behind a Taco Bell?
Oh it's not big, not at all, you know, kinda the same lines as, say, oh I don't know, having a third nipple.
When Mom and Dad drove you to the hospital to get your nose fixed, I swam into the lake and fished it out.
So why-why wasn't Ross's stuff ruined? And if you say the words medical marvel I'm going to Easy Bake your head!
Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
Forget the bubblewrap! There isn't time! Rachel starts messing up Amy's hair: Frizzy frizzy frizzy frizzy!!
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Chandler, we have talked about this. You are not supposed to give people advice! Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?
We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys could pitch in.
Okay, all right, I think you're great, I think you're sweet, and you're smart, and I love you. But you will always be the guy who peed on me.
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast.
And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
I'm not going to be a part of this! You can't just bring some random guy at home and expect him to be our sperm donor!
I'm fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
All right, big brother. Which of these do you think would make your little sister look hotter, so your best friend would want to do her?
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Okay! It's time for dinner. Everyone we're using our fancy china.. um and its very expensive so please be careful.
The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I'm sorry! I have to start getting ready! I'm getting married today!
Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? Why? What did I say?
All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y'know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
No, those first two windows, that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
Oh wait, you know what, I got it, I got it, pretend like you just woke up, okay, that will throw her off. Be sleepy.
Oh, my mom called, they're gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we're looking for a good picture of us.
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Hey Rach, what about this? Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Oh no! I don't know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it's called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles.
Sure! If you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe I'll join ya. You know, I'm your friend and Mike's friend .
I figured out I need to charge seventeen bucks a jar just to break even. So, I've got a new plan now. Babies.
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find, is the wonders I've found ever since...
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Y'know, I think if I were going to be with a woman. It'd, it'd be with someone like Michelle, she was so oh, she was so petite.
Oh...Phoebe? Maybe I wasn't clear before. I really love listening to your music here, but my restaurant is sort of an upscale place.
Oh, and by the way, he's lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous! I still love Chandler.
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
That's what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you're Chip. Nevermind.
It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh!
When we found out that we're gonna get this baby, Chandler and I started talking and we decided that we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?
Y'know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma. You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.
You're just new at this, it'll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn't have been easy but you figured that out.
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
This is great! Now she's gonna be mad at Rachel! Y'know what? And I'm just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy.
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won't let you drive the Porsche is because you're a terrible driver. There! That wasn't about the wedding.
I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
I'll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my- I'm sorry, uh apparently I've opened the door to the past.
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I-I shredded by boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
You would not. I can't believe this. I hate this, you're too normal. I can't believe my boyfriend doesn't have a thing. My boyfriend doesn't have a thing.
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you'll know it's mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there's a very noticeable rip.
Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it'll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet's still available?
Okay, we've been out here for two hours and we haven't seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler's getting chilly.
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
And Ross, if it weren't for Rachel's rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
Alright, let me ask you this question: How many of you thought the music was fine, but not in keeping with the tone of the restaurant? .
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
Joey they're not real. I start miles beneath the surface of these things, ok, they're fake. See honk honk.
Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have also served some very questionable meat at the restaurant.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
I don't know. Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don't plan these things.
I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us?
Oh good you're all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o'clock. Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
Noo!! It's driving me crazy. I mean every other way he's like the perfect guy, he has everything. Plus! He actually has everything.
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Well, um, look I-I don't want this to come our wrong, but ah, you seem awfully confident for a guy I just told I wasn't attracted too.
Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it?
I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y'know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin' it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Alright here's something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Sit down. All right? Please, just listen to me. You are terrible at this! Okay? You are the worst ultimate fighter ever! Ever!!
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Well I'm not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I'm thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Uh-huh, but I'm sure you can handle this. I mean, I have won awards for my organizational skills, but, uh, I'm sure you'll do fine.
Okay, just to be clear comedy with the plates will not be well recieved. Ross makes some sort of sound to let us know it hurt.
So what, he's a little older, big deal, I mean he's important to me. Ya know if you ask him, he might take you on his Jag.
Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
Really? But tomorrow night is the only night I get off from the restaurant. If you go to the game, we won't have a night together for another week.
Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like-Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
I'm getting married today!!! I think I just cracked a rib. But I don't care because today's my wedding day! My day is finally here!!
No!! Why didn't you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
"Tonight's the night we're gonna make it happen, tonight we'll put all other things aside. Give in thistime and show me some affection..."
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Groomsman, groomsman, why are you just standing there, where is your bridesmaid? We've got a broken arrow. Bridesmaid down! Oh, that's me.
Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. We're gonna do something fun. Okay. Weee!! Weee!!
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her?
Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you're gonna have a bachelor party.
Oh look, the pool table's free. Rack 'em up. I'll be back in just a minute. Get ready for me to whip your butt.
Fine! Don't be my friends! I'll buy new friends! Yeah, and then I'll pay for their plastic surgery so they'd look just like you!
Ohh, she's looking down the hall. Oh! She looked right at me! Oh wait, you can't see people through that little hole, can you? Hello!
Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. So umm, what's this?
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.
Well then, y'know what? I care about you to much to watch you hurt yourself like this. So if you have to do this, then you're gonna have to do it without me.
Oh yeah, she didn't hire me out of pity, it wasn't so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I'm good.
I'm sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it's weird, it's awkward, but you gotta at least try.
It's so sweet. It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream and then there's these old maple trees...
Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Okay, fine. Let's talk about snow. -- Do you think it's snowing in Tulsa, where my husband is having sex on a copying machine?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing.
Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bearnaise has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly tarragon.
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
The second that Ross walks in that door, I want you take him back to your bedroom and do whatever it is that you do that makes him go, rweee!!
No! Y'know, the fantasy! Meet someone from a strange land, fall in madly love, and spend the rest of your lives together.
Ok, so that's what we're doing. You know, when I'm in the coffee house bopping along to one of your songs, I'm wearing ear plugs.
Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer, eating a raw chicken.
YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro's.
C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now.
Of course it was! Trust me, when it comes to psychology I know what I'm talking about. I took two psych classes in college.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler's dad and try to keep him away from Chandler's mom?
All right then, go fight for her! Go to London! I mean, that could be you and Emily! That, but-but nicer. Just, go to London!
You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds. I bet you it has hair. I bet you it's a girl.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Well, so far I have uh, my bride's maids dresses won't get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don't have my something blue.
So wait, Ross's stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!!
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I'm cold! And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!
Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you're gonna take him? Joey, I don't think you're comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
Hey, isn't weird to think about how next year at this time they'll be a little baby at the table? Rachel's! But good to know where you're at!
Oh, well... um, that's all there are of these. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that's your department now.
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Well, we're trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they're all either boring or annoying or y'know, can't stop staring at the ladies.
Let me think. Oh, when I was younger I used to dream that I got married to Mayor McCheese, and on our wedding night I ate his head.
Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it's always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I'm going to make them cry.
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents without having to talk to people I don't even like!
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That's a, that's a pretty great dad.
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
When two people finally realise their feelings for each other, and-and they talk for hours, and they-they learn all about the other person!
De-caff. Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it.
Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions... and... and limericks...
All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours and there's a lot to do. Now, Ross, you got Geller blood, you're in charge of these yahoos!
Well, you guys have been friends forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was? You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? Yes, hold on. Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
You would not believe my day! I had to work two shifts, and then to top it off, I lost one of my fake boobs, in a grill fire.
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Y'know what, I've got to walk out of here right now, 'cause getting over you is the hardest thing that I have ever had to do. I don't think I could do it again.
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. You know, I say we blow off the dates.
Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I'll wear the boots. In fact, I'll go into my room right now and y'know try the outfit on.
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend.
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Well, my breasts are going to get bigger weather you like it or not! And you know what? It's not just my breasts. My ass is going to get bigger too.
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Exactly. Oh, I love that I can be totally neurotic around you now. Tell me the truth. Don't you like it better now that everything on your desk is perpendicular?
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Oh, what'd ya bring me?! Awww, hotel toiletries from Japan. Oh, these are gonna go in my permanent collection. You want some coffee?
No I totally disagree. No I think it's fine for a guy to do something like that. Such you an actor. Not that you need to,your eyebrows are...
Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you're not the only ones on your honeymoon!
Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let's act like we're on our honeymoon.
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad?
Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye.
Ohh, I'm so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it's really, it's made me stay calm. I coulda been worse!
Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit 'em all, and you mix 'em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
It's so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who's eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.
Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we're just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
See Chandler? I'm getting a lot of use out of them already! They're very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants...
Okay so this is where the band is. And this is where the bar is. And all these pins have people's names on them. And Rach, here you are.
Ya know, my party is fun. I mean, maybe it's a little quieter, less obvious sorta fun but, you know, if people would just give it a chance...
Well you know it's just like living with a girl. Only they don't steal your makeup. Unless they're playing "This is what my sister would look like"
Because I know that you think the lottery is "boohaki" but we're all here and gonna watch the numbers and have fun. And you're my brother, and I want you to be a part of this.
Okay, here's batch 22. Ohh, maybe these'll taste a little like your grandmother's. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Oh, friends first, drunk in London, you know the story. I've got a better question for you: Do you or any of your blood relatives have diabetes?
Ok. Hold on. Geller here! No! I said it has to be there by 4 o'clock. Goodbye. Oh, how hard it is to make an ice sculpture?
OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! No!
All right, we still have a minute and a half to go, and we're down by two points. Two points.... Phoebe you do a button-hook again. Rachel, you go long.
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! I know! How bad is this?!
What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross's baby! It's-it's so inappropriate. No, it's worse than that. It's wrong. It's... It is bigger than mine!
Yeah Joey she's...Rachel's got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! Y'know what, if we're gonna make dinner we're gonna have to leave. Yeah.
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn't have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet?
Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but you have no problem ordering porn... on a Saturday afternoon?! I was in the house!
You can't say that!! You-you don't know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn't...bend that way. So...
Okay, the owner of Allesandro's came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
No no, the father can, but um, since I am the roommate I can tell you that she's not here and I'll pass along the message, ok. So bye-bye.
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here's the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere...
Phoebe, it's okay. You don't have to tip toe around me. I-I've been thinking about it and umm, y'know what? I'm okay about not having that new relationship feeling...
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
So, I'll get candles and my mom's lace tablecloth, and since it's Rachel's birthday, I mean, we want it to be special, I thought I'd poach a salmon.
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
No. I don't think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
We're waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I'm glad you're here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don't know if you wanna use it, but...
Oh, about five minutes. Right now they're interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.
I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up!
Oh my God! You cleaned! Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
Chandler is supposed to find out if he's getting an assistent job at his ad agency. But out of the 15 interns, they are only hiring three.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Are you kidding? This is where they get out stains! Okay? This is like Disneyland for me. I'm-I'm gonna be over here watching the dance of the clean shirts.
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan.
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it.
I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Ok, how about this: We got wind up toys for Emma for her birthday. We can make them race, and whoever comes in last, stays!
You're the most wonderful man. And if you hadn't of said 'if I have to' like seventeen times, then I'd be saying 'okay, let's do it.'
I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. Yes!! Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.
Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
I know...God. I haven't seen my savings take a hit like this since I was a kid and they came up with double-stuffed Oreos. What happened to all our money?
Ok, for my next song I think I'll sing something a little more upbeat. All right? Oh, how about the PointerSisters "I am so excited". And make it bouncy!
Oh, But you're finally doing something that you love! I can't ask you to give that up. Though it'd be nice if the thing that you love was y'know... finding gold.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say.
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Hey, Joey, I don't think that you should leave Chandler alone. I mean it's only been two days since he broke up with Kathy. Maybe you can go fishing next week?
Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
All right, let's be practical, if Ross isn't willing to do it, he's not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler-Chandler is good!
Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he's really into the game so I don't want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins?
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Are you trying to tell me that we're moving to Oklahoma, or that you're gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. Hi!
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What-Why wouldn't you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! Stuart!
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
Listen uh, I-I've been doing some thinking, and I don't know whether it's because we're here or Rachel's giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
Anyway, Ross and I were always captains, and um, it got kind've competitive and one year, Geller Bowl VI, I accidentally broke Ross's nose.
But I need it. Otherwords I'm gonna have to take that horrible diner job. You know, with the dancing and the costumes. I don't wanna have to wear flame retardant boobs.
Okay, I got that. I'll escape over there. I'll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It's got-Right- Well, you're just a little bitch, aren't you?
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. li-listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um... there's something that I've been meaning to tell you...
I mean they're trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I've been waiting for my whole life.
: Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
Oh well umm, I make it myself! It's two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret ingredient is...y'know what? We just met.
Ok, Mike, enough is enough, now you love Phoebe and she loves you, so you need to get over your whole "I never want to get married" thing and step up!
Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. Don't crowd me! This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it's perfect! I'm sorry, this one's taken! Whoa!
Ah, well if you don't clear this off, you won't be getting one of those from me. But Ben's coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can't be there.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence I'd never thought I'd say.
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock.
Chandler, you're not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it's time that you let that stuff go. If your father's not at your wedding...you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from him? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you're the most important person in this room. And in the world!
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Please... honey, leave the details to me. Now I wanna make this day as special for you as I can. Now, ok, I was thinking that the harpist should wear white.
Okay, sperm donor number 03815, come on down! Okay, he's 6'2", 170 pounds, and he describes himself as a male Geena Davis.
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Whew. Although y'know, this is part of a salt and pepper set. I mean... I guess y'know it may just count as a half a present. What do you think?
Who? I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half? I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.
Oh my God. Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
I actually know someone in advertising. I grew up with this guy who is a vice president at a big agency. Maybe I can get him to meet you? Give me the phone.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Ok people, we are back in business! Oh God, we've missed you soo much! Ok, go and get your hair and make-up done, and I'll take care of everything.
No, no, no, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger I-I enter in this pie-eating contest. I ate so many that just the thought of them made me sick.
Any time you want. Y'know, when I was younger, all I wanted to do was to play with this dollhouse, but no!! It was to be looked at, but never played with.
You say 'Thank you very much,' and then you buy me something pretty. Come on, we're gonna put are hands in this bowl, and we're gonna start squishing the tomatoes.
Umm, I just wanna say, uh that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... Are you gonna kill me?
Honey I can't even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don't want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you're still his friend.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour.
You know what? I take back what I said before. You keep playing at the restaurant, because with your music driving people inside, my bar sales are going up like crazy.
Oh good. Good, look I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan. Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency.
Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR?
: he has to work, there's some rush on the big ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit 'em. I can't wait. They're going to be crying so hard. They're going to be fighting for breath.
Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY!
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... twenty dollars an hour.
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
How dirty do you think I am? I'm telling you, if you had some candles and some bubbles and some music, you would love it! It would take all of your stress away.
Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her!
So, I went down to the post office, and it turns out it was those videos that I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. He loved the Civil War.
Lips moving, still talking. I mean it may not be ideal, but I'm so ready. No, I-I-I see the way Ben looks at you. It makes me ache, you know?
So, I read this article in the paper the other day that says you're not supposed to throw rice at weddings, because when pigeons eat rice it kills them.
Y'know what? You're right, I'm sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Tell him that you haven't seen your wife in a long time. Tell him that having a long-distance relationship is really difficult. Tell him that what little time we have is precious.
This is Monica! I'm Phoebe's friend. Listen, Phoebe is back with David and he's going to propose to her, and she is going to say "yes" but I know she really wants to be with you!
So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Y'know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in... I've been watching too much porn.
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow! Just so you know, we're not seeing him tomorrow. I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
Are you still crying about your damn baby? Pheebs, you gotta keep the line moving, remember, 20 seconds per person. Your see these clowns all the time!
As a joke, this customer at work who has a crush on me gave me a $20,000 tip. His number is on the check, he just did so I'd call him.
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.
Anyway um, when he left he forgot to take the poem with him. Now, I am like totally dense about poetry, but I think it's pretty good all right. Check it out.
Hey! Joey said no autographs! But if she's gettting one, then I want one too: To Monica. And none of this "best wishes" crap. I want "love".
Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK.
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine...
Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye...? That slayed me.
That's because I-I was just grabbing some things out of the dryer, and it's static cling. Or maybe it's just that God knew I'd be running into you and saw an opportunity.
Well y'know, I'm just-I'm just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Please... Chandler is the love of my life... ... oooh leather pants! Have Mercy! Ross: So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh?
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or or ankle or something.
I'm a good person. And I'm a good chef, and I don't deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y'know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is...
Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a doubt, the funniest guy I have ever met.
No, that's not it. It's just that when we were asking him all those questions before, I just... I just realized I don't care if he's the most perfect guy in the world... he's not you.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
Ross and Rachel don't know what they're talking about. I mean its not like their so responsible. Emma is a product of a bottle of Merlot and a five year old condom.
Hi! I'm Monica and I'm gonna be singing "Delta Dawn""Delta Dawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? ..."
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, and I'm gone.
Well, you're making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Okay, I have looked through a bunch of career guides, photocopied and highlighted key passages and put them into alphabetical folders so you can make an informed decision.
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Please ... if I win the lottery, you guys are not gonna leave me. Someone gave me a basket of mini-muffins last week and I couldn't get rid of you for 3 days!
I think we are getting a little ahead of selves here. Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!
God, this adoption stuff is so overwhelming. There's inter-country adoption, dependency adoption.. There are so many ways to go, and this is like the biggest decision of our lives.
Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays!
Oh really, so that hysterical phone call I got from a woman at sobbing 3:00 A.M., "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Nooo! Okay. Whoa! Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning thirty. So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. I wanna puke on you later!
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. And I'm appalled for you by the way.
Well then somebody's snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here.
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.
No! No-no they're not. They're still very angry! But y'know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Go! I have it in my book. Go! Wait a minute! If you're in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her-Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it's Monica Geller.
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, 'cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don't even know where you work?
No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven't thought about him in a long time... Anyway, umm Will's, Will's here on business and he didn't have a place to go so I invited him here.
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
Hello Greg? Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5... That is their old number! Jenny's been giving it out since they moved!
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served.
You bet your ass I'm gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! All right! Anybody else got a problem? How 'bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
All right. Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison?
That's Great. You know we don't need to talk about this now. Really, I mean this is, is so way, way, way, in the future, I'm talkin' hovercrafts and apes taking over the planet.
Okay, this is the den. All right, check this out. Lights! Whoa! All right. Less lights! Bad lights! Lights go away! Oh, see you just need to find the right command.
Okay, I-I'm sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Well, I'll tell you what we're gonna do: We are already late for Phoebe's birthday dinner, so you point out put out that cigarette, we're gonna put this fight on hold and go have sex.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Why would I say anything? That two of our best friends could start the greatest love affair of their lives! And they would have me to thank, and we could all start having babies?
Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Okay, Phoebe, y'know what? That-that's it, that's it, all right? No dinosaurs, no ghosts, no giant dogs, okay? They're not the right size, they're not Victorian, and they just don't go.
Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
OK LET'S GET THESE CHAIRS OUT HERE! Gunther, hit the Christmas lights. Okay, who left the ice sculpture ON THE STEAM GRATE?
Alright you two, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Now I don't want anything going on while I'm gone. Here's a few things you can discuss: mucus, fungus and the idea of me and Ross doing it.
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa.... And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y'know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that's really just for me. Okay. So, why don't you go into your room and try these on and we'll see-get a better idea of what's gonna work.
Maybe he's bothering you so much because he likes you. It's like in first grade when Skippy Langwild always pushed me on the playground because he secretly had a crush on me?
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I'm going to announce that I'm pregnant!
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
I've been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Okay, y'know what, I'm not fine, I'm not. I mean how can I be fine, hearing you come in with her, she wants to see your bedroom.... Y'know what, what if we're friends who don't see other people?
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don't even know what it is! Ohh, it's still soft. What do you think this is?
Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
Level 1 alert. I repeat, level 1. This is not a drill. Okay we've got a situation. The minister just called. He's snowed in. He can't make it.
You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
No! But, they're callin' out to me! I mean this little guy even crawled up into my lap. Oh come on, Chandler wouldn't mind if I opened just one present! What do you think it is?
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.
Honey, I don't think that's something we need to worry about! First of all he's-he's never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she'd react.
We have to do this. We are playing for women everywhere. Okay, just think about every lousy date that you ever had, okay, every guy who kept on the TV while you're making out...
Hey, wait a second. I can help you with this. You just need to be organized. We can make a list of your qualifications, and categorize jobs by industry. There could be folders and files!
Ok, trying to turn me on by making a mess? Know your audience! Besides, tomorrow we're doing those fertility tests and until then you need to keep your tadpoles in the tank.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?!
And, and, and they wear those little water wings, you know. And they're, they're running around on the deck. Then Hoyt wraps this big towel around all three of them.
Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Chandler look, I don't want to be one of those wives who says, "You can't go to the game. You have to spend time with me." So, if you could just realize it on your own . . .
Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night. Oh god, oh god. I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad. I'm Joan Collins.
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might end up hurting.
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
I don't know! I don't-maybe you're feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you'd get married first! Maybe you can't stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Hi! If you're calling before Saturday, you've reached Monica and Chandler. But if you're calling after Saturday, you've reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings!
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria's Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand? All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard. Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard! Oh, Ross! Let go of my hand!
Aunt Syl, stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape.
And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I've only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio. You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.
I can't believe I did this. I can't believe I'm singing for the people, and they liked me! Hey, did you hear thatone shouting "look at those tips"! I mean, did I really help you get a lot of tips?
So, how'd the lasagne go over? Really?! Good. So you owe me three pretty things. Yeah, I've been thinking a lot about you too. I know. It's hard this whole platonic thing. It's a word!
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
What? Wait! Why? Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy?
That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.
Hi. About last night... I know you are under a lot of stress and even though the things you said hurt me a little bit... My point is, uh, well, I'm willing to take my job back.
Look honey, you don't have to do this, okay? It's the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You're loyal, you're honest, and you have integrity! That's the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? Can you beat up that guy?
Well, I've tried everything. I give up. I guess I'm not gonna be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! I'll get it! Hi, Tim.
What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Oh, is that so? Ok. If that's really what you want, then here... I give you the headset. Well, I don't really want to give you the headset. Well I guess if you're taking over, you should probably return these messages.
Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... That's where the waistband actually goes over your head.
Hello? No, he's not here. Yeah, this is his wife. Yeah, well, it came as quite a shock to me too. I guess I should have known. Yeah, I mean, he just kept making me watch Moulin Rouge.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you've been through so much since then. And right now you've got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can't you just let this go?
You don't tell me what to do! I tell you what to do! Just call her. She's at the Paradise Hotel in Barbados. And while I've got you, you've got curly hair. What do you do in humidity? Damnit!
All right that's it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don't care!
Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan.
Come here! Come here! Sweetie you don't have to worry. No, besides y'know what? I'm gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid...
"Hi, it's Monica. I'm just checking in 'cause I got this message from you and I didn't know if it was old or new or what. So, I'm just checkin'. So let me know, or don't, whatever. I'm breezy."
You heard him! "No bigger!" "You're perfect!" "Just don't get any bigger!" Oh my god he sounded just like my high school wrestling coach. You know what? I'm going to have to talk to Chandler.
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip's motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
It was soo amazing, he is so sexy, and smart, which makes him even sexier. Oh gosh, I gotta so you this. Last night, we were fooling around and he stops to write a poem.
I don't believe this! Wow, look at this refrigerator! It's gigantic! I mean I could live in this thing! I'd be cold, but I'm always cold. Oh my God, look at these spider burners! I love spider burners.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he's obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I... I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically...
I'm the hostess! Not those guys! I'm always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight's specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag-Why is nobody writing these down?
All right, that I'll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn't it. You're marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a box. The silverware gets bundled in rubber bands and then bubble wrapped. Got it?
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and "See you around!" Let's go, Phoebe.
This isn't easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really...
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow-the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Honey, I'm not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I'm going to wear them all the time. You'll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not-so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Ugh, she's upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I'm not doing them this time! I don't care if those dishes sit in the sink until they're all covered with-I'll do them when I get home!
No, you're right. Mnya, we shouldn't do it like this. Huch. For what it's worth, I'm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come down on you so hard about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Honey, umm I-I love you, but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana!
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Fine! Judge all you want to but, married a lesbian, left a man at the altar, fell in love with a gay ice dancer, threw a girl's wooden leg in a fire, livin' in a box!!
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ...7.....7...7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7...!
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanne, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Okay, fine but please don't be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted...just sex. So, when I...went to your room that night...I was actually looking...for Joey.
Well, there's a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she's not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
No! No! I shouldn't have even opened these! I mean I-Joey I am out of control!! Joey, you have to do me a favor. No matter what I say, no matter what I do, please do not let me open another present! Okay?
I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot.
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I-I, I put the wrong name again. 'cause um...
My stock, MEG, it went up 2 points. Hey guys, do you realize that if I had invested my $127 in myself yesterday that I'd like have...a lot more than that today. Ya know what, I'm gonna do it.
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y'know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn't have stopped her, there probably wouldn't even be a wedding to go too.
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because then you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
She's this girl who used to live in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!"
Ok people, I want you to take a piece of paper, here you go, and write down your most embarassing memory. Oh, and I do ask that when you're not using the markers, you put the caps back on them because they will dry out.
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes!
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you bitched about it, then you would stop cooking, and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
See, I've been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I'm only planning on doing this once. So, uh y'know, maybe this is selfish and I'm sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother." Know what they'll say this year? "God, you"
Okay, all right, how's this? 27. Italian-American guy. He's an actor, born in Queens. Wow, big family, seven sisters, and he's the only....boy. Oh my God, under personal comments 'New York Knicks, rule!'
Joey, I think you should consider something a little less risky. I mean, I think in this market, real estate is your best investment.The Fed. just lowered the rates and the interest on your mortgage is totally deductible. That's right, I know some stuff!
A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
All right, listen you're just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y'know, nothing goes with Bing. So I'm screwed. I mean... Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that's you. You're our little Em. Oh what's that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? You want a cousin right now?!
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!!
'Cause I was going by it the other day and I saw that there was a stock with my initials, MEG, on it and, well, sometimes I have to watch for two or three hours before it comes up again but when it does, it's pretty exciting.
You know what I'd love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese-Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries... And pate. Oh, I'm really not high, it's just I used to be fat.
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. But of course with salmon you'd have to worry about the chickenella... So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! Okay, umm, I just wanna say that...I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. Our special night. I mean it just wouldn't be my-our-our night, if you all weren't here to celebrate with me-us-Damnit!
They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike! She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to recover from and then Phoebe will end up alone again.
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he's-he's called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Why not?! I mean this has been the most amazing week. Would it be so terrible? Even if we were friends who lived together. Or, maybe someday friends who stood up in front of their other friends, and vowed to be friends forever.
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
This place is really my Grandmother's. I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this. So if the landlord ever asks, I'm 87 year old woman, who's afraid of her VCR. So are you thirsty?
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn't matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. Just try not to move your feet at all. There you go.
It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
You had a bathroom break at 2030. Pee on your own time, Mike! . Now, in regard to the toast, okay, you wanna keep them short, nothing kills a rehearsal dinner like long speeches. Okay. You just get in, do your thing and get out!
Oh how nice. Maybe later we can all go blow our noses on my wedding dress. Ross comes out of the guest bedroom with the diaper bag and the car seat carrying thingy.. yeah.. thats the techinal term.. He goes to Chandler.
Please, could you just try it for me? Come on, I used all my best stuff! I-I-I lit some candles. I put on some music. I used bath salts, plus bubble bath! And got you this little plastic Navy ship. So it's a boy bath!
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again .
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
That doesn't matter! We have waited so long for this. I don't care if it's two babies. I don't care if it's three babies! I don't care if the entire cast of "Eight is Enough" comes out of there! We are taking them home, because they are our children!
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Hey. Oh good-good you're here! All right, I figured it out. I'm gonna take two tables of eight, I'm gonna add your parents, and I'm gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
You're gonna find a place. But even if - God forbid - you didn't.. So you postpone the wedding. Is that really so bad? I mean, think about it. You could take all the time you needed to get everything that you want. You could have tulips, you could have salmon.... Mmmmm... Salmon!!
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know, I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate. She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn't, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go!
I'm getting married!!!! I'm gonna be a bride!!!! No, I will not shut up because I'm engaged! Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don't you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20!
If it bothers you that much, just go out and get the shoes. No. Don't do this. This is stupid! I don't have to prove anything, I'm gonna go get them...But then everyone will know. Unless I get them, and then wake up really early and put them back! ...I need help!
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise. I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls jump back up inside your body.
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate.
It's just, I think, there's never gonna be a right time to have a baby. I mean, now you're unemployed and in a little while you'll find a new job that'll keep you really busy. There's always gonna be a reason not to do this, but I think once the baby comes, forget about all those reasons.
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
With good news? Of course it is not good news, you just said "Doctor Connelly just called". If it was good news you would have said "Doctor Connelly just called! " But so what is it? Is there a problem, uh? Is there a problem with me or with you?
Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So, enjoy: smoke oyster casserole with a breakfast cereal crust, kidney beans in their own juices, and for dessert, a questionable orange.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?
No, a guy would be saying, "I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I'm never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I've been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I'd be giving up! I mean, I...I'm never gonna have a first kiss again.
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
I mean this has been like my dream since I got my first Easy Bake Oven and opened Easy Monica's Bakery. I mean I would kill for this job. I mean I can totally do this job, and God knows I paid my dues. But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
Boy, I love carrots! Oh! Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, my body.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're gonna have a baby. All right. We're gonna have a baby! OH MY GOD, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY! Oh God, oh God, I got to sit down, I got to sit down. Ooh!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there!
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks!
All right, all right! Let's just cut to the chase, okay? You're single. You're single. He gets off work at eleven. She'll be waiting for your call. I'll give him your number if I can get one calamari and one Caesar salad!! I did not yell. I am not putting a dollar in the jar.
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you're looking for! Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
Ohh, wow! That's great! Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we'll get together before work! What do you say, 6:30, my place? I'm so excited!
Oh-ho-ho, sweetie, sweetie, you gotta stop saying that, now. It's no big deal, it's not even worth mentioning, you see we all do it all the time. See watch this, Ben, Ben, Ben. Ow, Monica bang! Everybody bang. Ben bang. Rachel bang. Bang, Rachel bang! Oh, isn't that fun?
Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn't on purpose! But what you're during to me now is just plain spiteful!
Okay, while we're waiting for these pills to kick in, I'm gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I'm gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I'm-Sit down--gonna make you some tea. And then, I'm gonna rub your feet.
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Chandler, if you thought I was going to get you porn for Valentine's Day... you were right! Apparently, it's about a young girl who moves to the big city, you know, in search of stardom, but ends up having sex with a lot of guys! Yeah, it got four starts! Oh, wait a minute. Those aren't stars. Anyway, you want to take a look?
Hey listen umm, how would you like to get together? Say next Saturday? Okay, how about Sunday? Okay umm, the week after that? The week after that? Y'know what Greg? Y'know what? We are good, interesting, funny people with good questions and if you and your precious Jenny can't see that then... January 15th? We'll see you then! Okay!
Ok, here we go. We need to sort out the tickets as quickly as possible to see if we've won. So does anybody have any ideas how to organize this? Ok, how about this: we divide them into 6 groups of 40, and the remaining 10 can be read by whoever finishes their pile first.
Ohhh, I knew you loved her! Then you need to go to the airport and tell her. You're probably just gonna catch her just as she's about to go to the gate. You're gonna call out her name and say, "I love you!" And she's gonna say, "I love you, too!" And you guys are going to have the most amazing kiss, everyone at the gate will applaud.
I know. Let's try a look...of far off...wonderment. Okay, we'll-we'll gaze into our future and we'll think about our marriage and the days to come. Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" Hey! Don't laugh at him! He's my drowning moron!
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is.
Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo 'I'll take it!'
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
No. He Teaches A Course On Food Criticism At The New School, So Before We Go To The Movies I Wanna Go By There And Make Him Try My Bouillabaisse Again. Oh, I Cannot Wait To Read The Front Page Of The Post Tomorrow! "Restaurant Reviewer Admits I was wrong about Monica."
How hard is it? No shoes on the furniture. Back to Monica and Chandler's apartment. Amy is sitting on a chair by the bay window looking mad. Joey groans and gets off the phone: The producer from Days left a message on my machine asking why I wasn't at the parade. They said everybody's pissed off at me.. And they all got to meet Santa!
Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
I really like to say that I'm-um... Y'know what I'd really like to say? I'm drunk!! That's right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! And guess what! I've been drunk before! And I've smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It's all okay. It's okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up.
It's gonna be really scary. I mean, god. When we have a baby, there's gonna be so much that we're not able to control. I mean, the apartment's gonna be a mess, I won't have time to clean it. What if the baby gets into the ribbon drawer? Messes up all the ribbons?! What if there's no room for a ribbon drawer, because the baby's stuff takes up all the space!? Where will all the ribbons go!?!
It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Chandler, for so long I...I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I'd ever been looking for my whole life. And now...here we are...with our future before us...and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don't want to. You go!
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top. Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Absolutely! Now get out of here you!! Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Phoebe, that's how it starts. I don't need to eat the cake, I'll just smell the icing... why don't I just eat a little sliver, or, okay, just a slice or two. And next thing you know, you're 210 pounds and you get wedged in going down the tunnel slide. Phoebe, honey, I know this is hard. Look, if you talk to him, you're going to wanna see him. And if you see him, you're going to want to get back together with him. I know that's not what you want. Give me your phone.
