Yes. We're very popular. There's a two-year waiting list. Sorry!
Hi, Dean Lipson, zoo administrator. I was told you had a question.
You know, whatever we pick, she would've told us it's the wrong one.
So don't do it, it's fine. You don't have to do it just because Susan does it.
He musta been sweepin'. They found a broom in his hand.
Well, I've... I've been blessed with a... a lot of great roles.
I see. Well, I wish you both a lifetime of happiness. So you're bald?
Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, we're happy to do it.
No, the place is not open 'till Tuesday. Am I not saying it right.
Oh yeah? Well maybe you and I should take a walk through a bad neighborhood.
But um, here's an idea, have you ever worn women's underwear?
Yeah, you know, put chips in it, we'll make like a chip chick.
I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
Okay, I should, I should probably be getting back to my thing now. See ya.
No, it's just... I was enganged to a guy who turned out to be gay!
Anyway, I was wondering if, you were the sort of person who...eats lunch.
Well, if moving here is gonna make them happy, don't you want them to do it?
Why?! Why?! He said he'd call. Why hasn't he called?
Oh, okay. Well, I'll just leave the door open and go sit on the couch.
Hello? Yeah, um. Hang on one sec. Can I take this upstairs?
Ross? Ross! Wake up! Ross! Ross! Ross!! Ross!!! Ross!!!!
No, Gary Collins is the host. You'll be answering the phones.
I hate to be the one to say it, but honey you two are on your own.
Ok, unless you're not gonna try to get me to join a cult are you?
Chloe, switch with me, there's some guys here that got a crush on you.
I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?
That's cool. But... but if you do, I'm gonna need three days notice.
Because you've worked really hard, and it's your job, and you're a little crazy.
Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?
Ow!-Ow!-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Y'know, ow!
There may have been a-a joke or a limerick of some kind.
You could not be more wrong. You could try... but you would not be successful.
On behalf of the Children of New York, I reject your money.
I'm not gonna tell you! You're the bad man who broke Sarah's leg.
What do you mean? Yesterday you said I was too pretty to pay for stuff!
I usually prefer Elizabeth's boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.
Now if you just pay me my three hundred dollars, I'll be on my way!
Ooh, that accident must have been terrible. You look positively ghastly.
Well, the director thinks you're really right for the part and wants to meet you tomorrow.
But, we can't go now. It looks like Rachel's gonna put on a skit.
I'm fine! And, I got you a present for letting me stay with you. Ready?
Well, it's getting late, I've got to get to the game, so I'm gonna... head.
Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
I crushed a pill and put it in her drink... Come on, sweetheart.
Oh please! It was such a big class! You never even noticed me!
Wow, so your child is a big fan of the Waldo books too?
I'm going to keep dating him Mother, and there's nothing you can do about it!
Excuse me, sir! This lady played my quarter, this is my money.
Wow, I didn't know they let you keep chickens and ducks as pets.
Wa-wa-wa-wait! Congratulations! You did it! You did it! You can relax now. Yeah.
Because you don't want me to be happy. You.. you have always been jealous of me.
I don't know... You know what? I'm gonna put you on with my bear. Hold on.
I'm sorry. Look, I know this can't bring him back but here, it's just a gesture.
The girl who won last year sold four hundred and seventy-five.
Drake, I've discovered the reason for all your headaches and memory loss.
Thanks so much for meetin' with me. Joey's told me so much about you!
Now, let me explain how this works. You go into the booth, and...
No, I try to save that for real awards. Now, if you'll excuse me.
I just came up to say, "Hi!" Hi! And you, sweetie, I'll see you tonight.
Look how nervous he gets! We haven't slept together in years!
Wait. You're right. I know you're right. And, thanks for being so nice. Here
And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?
I can't speak for Emily, but Susan is in a loving, committed relationship.
Oh, that's so great! Okay, I'm really gonna do this! I don't know how to thank you guys.
"Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight"
Excuse me, hi. I was hoping I would run into you. Can we talk?
Oh, isn't a shame when one girl ruins it for the whole bunch?
...Hey! You're in a play! I didn't know you could dance! You had a beard!
God, this was really fun! I've been wondering if you were going to ask me out.
Oh, I don't know, she's pretty tired, too, I think we've got her onboard.
Oh yes! You're an excellent chef! As a person you're a little...
Cut! That was good. That was very good. You did everything I asked for.
Yeah, look, and I don't want you to feel like you have to give me your key just because...
No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Okay, how about when you're not working. What do you do in your spare time?
No, no, no, you're doing fine, really... Why don't you go talk to my dad?
All right, enough! I don't want to hear about it anymore! Good luck, Chandler.
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear ...
Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.
Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.
Oh, time's up! Joey! You were, uh, almost on a roll there...
Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...
Well, I think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas...
So what if it was? I thought there was nothing going on between you two...
This poor guy's been in a coma for five years. It's hopeless.
I've probably been talking too much. Why don't we talk about you a little bit?
Mmmmmm... Oh, Joey, Joey, Joey... I think I blacked out there for a minute!
Tasty! I'm really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it's-it's nice.
Hello, there. I'm Dr. Carlin. I see someone's having an allergic reaction.
Oh, Jack look, there's that house paint commercial that cracks you up.
My marriage like just ended, and I'm really not ready to get into anything yet.
If you're a professional chef, what are you doing taking Introduction to Cooking?
Me go out with Ross?! No! God no! What would make you think that?
No! Thank you! Monica, and Ross! I don't know what I'm gonna do about the two of you!
Yeah? Well, there's a lot of things Carol never did before I came along.
Joey! It's Estelle! I just talked to the casting people; they loved you!
Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, I'm not looking for any thing serious.
Excuse me. Um, these are from the two gentlemen at the end of the bar.
Presenting the award for Favorite Returning Male Character is McKensize...
Hang on a minute! Joey, you keep touching your face. Is something wrong?
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Is this, hot Rachel, that you took to the Christmas party, Rachel?
Hey! Am I late? Am I late? Nobody came out yet, right?
I packed while you were gone. I left some knickers under your pillow.
Actually I've been playing a lot of love songs lately. I've missed you.
Ice chips, just ice chips. They're at the nurses' station.
We've been getting reports of some very angry behavior on your part.
I, uh, wanted to see if your offer to spend Thanksgiving with you is still good.
Awww, I'll miss you too Pheebs. And I will be holding you, right here.
That's fine. I never did it. I just thought I might. So, what's new in sex?
I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.
I don't know about the hands, but the guy that was here before me just went to the bathroom.
Great! That's great Monica! Great! Now, Chandler, you want to give us a smile?
Oh my gosh, that was so lame. Like a pajmena could be a rug!
Fleischman's group. Whatever you do, don't touch his sandwiches. Ha-ha-ha...
I notice that you've been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.
Congratulations! You now just crossed the line into completely useless. Get out.
No! I came here to tell you something else. I came here to tell you I still love you.
Uhm... no. Although I did have an uncle who voted for Dukakis.
I'm sorry, I have a really early class in the morning, but this has been lovely.
I'm sorry too. And just to be clear, I didn't hit his mother with a car.
Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you.
They're gonna fire you! You can't date a student! It's against the rules.
Uh-huh! I think it's time to kick you in the nuts and see which is worse!
Ohh, and I see you're having a little party too. Is she here, huh, huh?
What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.
Yeah, I'm just, I'm just in town for a conference. Umm, God you look phenomenal!
Ohh, no. Ugh. Oh, leaving London, my whole family lives there.
None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want.
Oh no-no-no. Fonzie is the nickname of Arthur Fonzerelli. The Fonz.
Ross Geller, why do I know that name? It's uh-Wait! Did you write this?
Oh, I'm sorry, is that your basket? It's really pretty. Unfortunately, I don't see suds.
And based on the fact that Mr. Geller is intravenous drug user.
Ok Henrietta, you've picked Jack and Jill went up the hill.
Oh, here comes your 3:00. I don't mean to sound unprofessional, but, yum
Well, I don't need you to help me, because I already know what I'm going to do with my life.
This isn't your toe, this is a small, very cold piece of carrot.
Just a little gag gift somebody gave me. Put your hands together.
So I'll see you at the party? Beer's beer man, 24, 7!!
Monica, all this food looks wonderful, you should think about doing this for a living.
Sorry to bother you again, but could you pass my pamphlets back? Thank you.
I know you did, cookie. Oh, I know you did. So tell me. Did you see her?
You remember her Michael, she's lovely and... well behaved and... single.
Oh, sure. I'm showing it to someone else right now, but please, look around.
Come on little Chandler, it's time to be born. Come on little Chandler! Come on!
Y'know, I mean, really we do realise that there's an age difference between us.
Yeah. Well maybe you have heard about the Rent Stabilization Act of 1968!
Oh dark mother, once again I suckle at your smokey tit.
You're kidding me. Because I'm not seeing anybody, I've just totally made that up.
Old? Yeah! But he travels a lot, so he's hardly ever there.
I haven't been home in a couple of days and I need to get some more clothes.
What's going on Bing? Does uh, your wife have a problem with me or something?
But maybe we can have dinner later? On the balcony? Will be romantic.
No don't worry, this is not some rebound thing. I am totally over Eric.
You can't order until your entire party has arrived. Restaurant policy.
Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?
Oh, ok. I'm just always afraid that people think I'm just fat with big breasts.
Yeah, I've been coming here since I was a kid. This used to be my Grandma's.
Yeah, y'know I feel like I can really talk to you 'cause y'know you're my sister, y'know.
You sick freak, who does that? I can't believe I had a crush on you!
Yeah... And I'm giving it back to you... Come on! Consider it a contribution.
Yeah well, that's the thing. For me it's as far as it can ever go.
Y'know what, don't be. This is not, don't be, 'cause it's not so bad.
So? Come on! Explain yourself Geller! First you get my Rachel pregnant!
Hola, it's me, yesterday was really fun. Call me about this weekend, okay.
All right, you're getting there. Oh, and y'know, these babies are very, very lucky.
In a moment, please, I'm in the middle of a task. And you have a customer.
Yeah. Me. Oh hey, that's me. Hey uh, I take it you're just visiting someone.
Either that or she's just the best, most expensive date I ever had.
Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.
Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient, he should be out shortly.
Oh it's great, it's a role on All My Children, Nick the boxer.
Y'know what? That's okay, you guys have ordered so many that this one is on me!
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
And once again she is out of here. Okay who had 9:45? Um?
If you leave now, I will chop off my hand and give it too you!
Ohh honey come here. Ohh it will be ok. We've all been there.
You know, we're all wondering who this Rachel is. Can you point her out to me?
Well sweetie, we have a surprise for you. We're turning your room into a gym.
Um... Charlie, this is Rachel's sister Amy. Amy, this is Charlie.
No... It's lovely. The lights and the snow. I could look at them forever.
It's older than that. Ross was actually conceived right near this tuxedo.
Ok well, I'll call you as soon as your massage therapist is ready.
You'll wear that. We'll be eating, and of course, you'll be wearing that.
Okay, and listen don't forget to bring your jazz shoes for the dance audition.
We would, but when we went to exhume Jessica's body, it was gone.
All right, Carol, I need you to keep pushing. I need Excuse me, could I have this?
Oh my God! Someone cut Howard's cake! Who would do a think like that?
Rachel, Rachel, sweetheart. You're a terrible, terrible waitress. Really, really awful.
Can you really live the rest of your life never knowing what we could have been?
How do you do. Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! Did they have representation?
Waitwait.. we talking about the coyotes here? All right, a cow got through!
I think I accidentally used Monica's boxes to keep the water away from the Porsche.
Hear that? She likes me best, and apparently there've been a lot.
Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now
Our FDA approval didn't come through. Something about laboratory rats.
Good one. Actually, ah, Terry wants you to take the training again, whenever.
You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we're gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.
Y'know, I know you're talking, but all I hear is, "Blah. Blah. Blah-blah-blah."
And you know who will be there to support... you?! Your one and only boyfriend...
I... I don't know if that changes your plans at all, but I thought you should know.
I'm hungry. Wanna get some pizza? You can keep yelling if there's more.
Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you're given' 'em out.
Uh, no! No! That's...art! If it bothers you I can put my art out.
Yeah, we took a little stroll in the park and no one was around, so...
Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...
So Chandler, you're parents must've been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.
Isn't this the most incredible fight you've ever had in your entire life?
Now you'll be heading a whole division, so you'll have a lot of duties.
Phoebe, hang on a second. Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.
Oh, no. But it's just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.
Oh yeah, yeah uh, it's down the hall and uh, second door to your left.
It's lame, I know. But I'm a goal-oriented person, very eager to learn...
That was so wonderful! Ohh, I think that you're a better Jessica than I ever was!
I am so sorry. The doctor insisted on closing the curtain for the exam.
Yes, our system assures total anonimity. We're very proud of it.
Yeah, nothing happen. You could cut the sexual tension in here with a knife.
Well, hey, at least you're getting a proper wedding. I mean, you really deserve that.
Chandler, we've been here for an hour doing this! Now watch, it's easy.
I know! And I'm just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!
Listen, to be honest, home deliveries are really a part of my job description.
Seriously? Happily married. So that phone call before, that was ... happy?
You've done a wonderful job with this party Chandler. Everything looks so lovely.
I don't believe this, hold on a second. You guys die and I don't get your baby?
Oh, let me see what I can do. There are some first class seats available.
Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
Wow! I usually get to know a girl a little better before I let her spoon me.
So what do you want me to do, you want me to be more negative, less happy?
Yeah he's no good. Do you ever think about me in a non-eye doctor way?
Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
No wait! There's only a problem when I look at you. Oh I got it! I got it.
Sorry, I just... I wish there was something I could do, you know? Well, you know Phoebe...
Look, I think I know the answer to this question, but... Would you like to make love to me?
Uh, public display of affection coming up. You can avert your eyes.
No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.
Hello, Joey, our little matchmaker. I could just kiss you all over, and I'm gonna!
Ross, there is absolutely no way this is going to come off unless you start to...
Twenty year old has got a severed toe on his right foot.
I wanna see everything! Times Square, Coney Island, Rockefeller Center...
No! I'm sorry, we were looking for "Baby It's You". Baby It's You.
What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything...
I spent two years developing this machine, it's absolutely state of the art.
Uhm... uhm... Goodbye... Uh... Schto ya ztez vigul... ui...
Well, that's not bad at all. I mean, you had me thinkin it was like a fleet.
Yeah, you do that, and I go check my dad for signs of internal bleeding.
The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.
He's says, 'Walking with you makes this strange city, feel like home.'
Next on the platforms are... ...you two! And... ...You two!
Look. Phoebe, I-I love you. Very much. But I never want to get married again.
Are you kidding me?! With a cute butt like this, I'd find work.
Welcome to the Chestnut Inn Mr. Bing, so where are you joining from?
Oh, I wish. No, you know he was just trying Ross's Hug and Roll thing.
Now if you were two involved in a serious relationship, that really creates a problem.
On no! No! It's not good-bye, I'm not leaving until you get on that plane.
It would be nice after hearing 20,000 people chant "You suck!"
Look Rachel, I know what you're going through. I'm totally freaked about turning 25.
Ohh... Oh! You were not meant to see me before the wedding. It's bad luck.
Yeah, a box full of your desk stuff doesn't exactly say big promotion.
Eh, worth a shot. Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay?
Yeah, so we just thought we'd stop by and let you know there's still no pressure.
Ross, why don't you tell Benji about your proposal, while I go to the ladies room?
Oh. Huh. It's huh, well it's oh it's-ew used. Umm, cool.
Thank you! . I can't believe that you chose this restaurant! Do you remember the night?
All right, who should we call first, your folks, or Deb and Rona?
I - I can't believe I'm crying in front of you. You must think I'm so pathetic.
...but when all is said and done, he still drinks out of the mugs.
Hey, Knick fan, am I interested in your views on fatherhood? Uh, no.
So it seems like you have a lot of friends, who would you say is your best friend?
As I recall when we got married, I saw the groom in the wedding dress.
You sure they haven't gone bad? You're sure they're not very, very bad?
Okay, okay, well then answer me this. Has any of you ever.... almost?
That's not my monkey. Just the dress is mine, you can send that back whenever.
Let's see.. to assure you get this directly, ring me back on my mobile.
Hey! So since we're getting off early, do you want to go and paint mugs?
Uhm, did you guys know that there is a giant ice sculpture in the hall?
No. We had a really good talk. I don't think I'm gonna do that bar scene anymore.
Sabrina. I know about you two. I saw you today kissing in the doctor's lounge.
I mean, we know it's a bit hasty but, uh, it just feels so right, so...
Yeah. Ooh, and I know Gail Rosten is in there twice, but she is so...
I'm sure as hell a dancer, it's no use Marge will never go for me.
Sweetheart, you obviously have a problem. You've chosen a boyfriend exactly like your father.
What a relief. It has all the numbers of the people in her prayer chain.
Makes up most of his lines. Son-of-a-. Yeah, well, write this jerkweed.
Ok, then I want to hear you say it, I, I want to hear you say you want me out.
Right. We do have a table for two available, perhaps you would be more comfortable.
Damnit. OH! Big surprise! The hunk of beef has feelings!
No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.
If you need an easy way to remember it, just think of a bag of crap.
Here's your schedule for the day. Your first client is in room No. 1.
Stuck at school. Some parent-teacher thing. You can go. I'll get the information.
Well, yes, yes, the best doctor in all of Salem, Dr. Drake Remore.
I can dial 9-1-1 at the touch of a button, y'know. Now, go away!
Gosh, you know, you're just such an amazing couple. It's... kind of intimidating.
Your monkey found a new career, in the entertainment field. That's all I know.
Well, you don't have that much time to relax. The other one will be along in a minute.
No, you were right, you were right. I mean, I-I-I've got to give my marriage another chance.
Well, we got into a fight 'cause ah, she said I was to immature to get married.
C'mon people, back up please, back up, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.
I'm sorry Joey, as long as he's here and he's conscious we're still shooting.
Umm, yeah, actually, Susan's gonna be home any minute, it's kinda an anniversary.
We'd better take these pants off upstairs or that stain's gonna set.
Well, he better not come by here. He can't see the bride in the wedding dress.
I'm okay. I gotta go down to the police station and look at mug shots.
How-how I like to melt stuff, and how I dislike stuff that doesn't melt.
This one time I had my knee up on the sink and your mother, she was.
All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.
Sure, New Year's Eve is only two weeks away. Can you wait?
If... if you want to drink, it's OK with me, I've got to get used to it.
Ohh, its been better. The Annual Net Usage Statistics are in.
Yeah, we figure it'll live with Ross half the time, and with me half the time.
Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the tube.
Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!
So wait, what's the deal here, I can have sex with you, but I can't touch you?
Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms.
He's just jealous. You'll fit right in; all Londoners wear them!
So! Me neither! God, Mary-Angela was right you do have the softest lips.
I know, I know. Just hang in there, OK. OK, I'll go out first, alright.
I don't understand. You-you give me a key to your apartment and then you change the lock.
Well, the garage flooded sweetie and it ruined everything in your boxes. I'm sorry.
He's doing just fine, he's resting now, but you can see him in a little bit.
I think that's really smart. The easier we can make the transition for her, the better.
150 pounds. Yeah, I'm gonna be in one of those Subway sandwich commercials.
Yeah all that's gone. It's basically just a simple question and answer game now.
Look, we held the curtain for you buddy. Come on, let's go! Let's go!
Yeah, y'know. Happy holidays from Mona and Ross. It'll be cute, okay?
Oh, wait, I remember, she also said she wanted to sleep with me one last time.
So good then! We'll see you at Riverside Park at 2:00! Cheers!
Well don't be, because now everything's screwed up. I just want it the way it was.
Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I could kill you with my thumb, you know.
Hello, welcome to Lavender Day Spa SPA. How may I help you?
Can I just say, I really admire what you're doing. Just raising her all alone.
Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?
Yeah, uh, Joey said I could use your shower, since, uh, Chandler's in ours?
Alright. Now I would like to see you wearing nothing but them. Take your clothes off.
Right! We have a semi-private labor room waiting for you. So in just a minute...
Okay, but isn't sex better when it's with one person that you really, really care about.
Well, i-it's okay. I-I-I understand... Well, s... well, are you happy with this guy?
Cindy Crawford, Christie Brinkley, Heidi Klum, Claudia Schiffer...
...I may have only been in therapy for three weeks now dear but...
Well, I would make them Belgian, but the waffles are hard to get into that flask.
Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.
Message erased. To record a message begin speaking at the tone.
No! It's because that way the camera only sees her! Do you wanna try it?
Thanks. Great so we can all go together! I gotta run. Catch you later!
Come on now. Monica has a good job. And it's not like you have a family to support.
So when do you imagine you gave them to me? In the morning or in the afternoon?
Hey Joe, you ever think about joining the force? We could use a guy like you.
Well, I sold four of them on Ebay. You'll be sitting next to HotGuy372.
Ah well, it's nubbin. Nothing! Umm. Y'know what, I'll see you later. Okay.
Thomas, this is gonna be hard, but I wanted it to come from me, and nobody else.
She's in hiding. She's utterly humiliated. She doesn't want to see you ever again.
I'm sorry. Ex-excuse us. I'm sorry, it's a little crowded. Do you mind if we...
Hi. I don't mean this to sound like high school, but did he say anything about me?
No, we still have food in the basement! I saw potatoes and some dry pasta!
Oh, your baby's so cute. Why did you put a pink bow on a boy?
Mom, dad, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, these are my parents: Theodore and Bitsy.
All ticketed passengers for Flight 1066 to Athens should now be on board.
Oh yes, well there's the coffee too. Rachel can carry two things at once!
Yeah. I mean, I coulda done it better, but these people keep staring at me.
So Phoebe, you ah, sounded kinda serious on the phone, is ah, is anything wrong?
I came to the big city to become a star! I'll do...anything to make that happen!
What's the matter? You never saw a 50 year old stripper cry before?
Okay, um, don't take this the wrong way, but your place kinda has a weird smell.
Not really. But you are much cuter then that geeky guy she used to date.
Thanks Rachel. And-and don't forget you-you can come visit her anytime you want.
Oh, candles! What is that? A blanket? A video camera? Oh my God!
Thanks. Maybe I'll see in the spring, with the uh, y'know, for the uh, bathing suits.
And what? Missed the expression on your face? Janice likes to have her fun.
You're not dying Hope, you're gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.
Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.
Oh my God! This is so exciting! Well, get back in there! I'll guard the door!
Alright, blonde girl, you're in room two, not so blonde girl, you're with me.
Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. Would you come over here please?
That's true! This message could becoming to you from beyond the grave, Emma!
Look, forget the check, okay. I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?
Hey, she just woke up! She's hungry. Why don't we give this another try?
Okay, now push! That's it push! Just concentrate on pushing! Yeah, here we go!
A year. On and off. I kinda thought we'd end up together. I don't anymore.
Maybe uh, Vunda could give me her number and I can ask her to dinner sometime.
But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.
Chandler? What an unusual name! You must've had terribly fascinating parents.
Well, if you see him, tell him to pack his bags. We are going to Minsk.
Stopping you from marrying the wrong man and making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm telling you, I need some smacks. I got a kid starting Dartmouth in the fall.
Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.
Dartmouth? Who went to Dartmouth? Dartmouth sucks. Did you go to Dartmouth Bing?
Oh, that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.
Do you ever worry that you'll be walking and your baby will just like slip out?
But you should probably talk to my roommate, because I told him and he knows Phoebe too.
I'm not giving concert tickets to someone who'd use their son like this!
You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? You want a piece of me?
Well, okay, so what's now-go get, go get the eggs, put 'em in there.
No can do, like I told the girl, I can't get a new knob until Thursday.
I'm not smart. I just wanted so much to...be impulsive once. To be romantic.
Exactly! And you just know I'm gonna be the guy caught behind this hammerhead in traffic!
Hi. So good news, the divorce is final. I signed the papers this A.M.
Actually, giving birth to three babies isn't that different from giving birth to one.
Not that great. It's almost if people don't want to hear that their babies are ugly.
Cut! Alex, remember you're supposed to cry. Can you cry for us this time?
Ah yeah, but now it's Susan and me in Mexico and the hostages coming home.
I don't know what to say... I mean, you know, obviously we have this... heat between us.
Monica! You look gorgeous! Last time I saw you, it was eat or be eaten.
I see. I guess you never really know whats goin on inside a persons head.
Great! Dad! Thank you so much, I'll be back to pick him up in an hour.
Kids, I spoke to a doctor and picked up this pamphlets on how to get pregnant.
Yes, yes, I did. In fact, I had sex with him 2 hours ago.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, listen, I am parked at a meter. Let's do it.
...it's uhm... i-it's two on each cheek and uhm... and one on the lips.
God we were lame back then. Do you remember how into dinosaurs we were?
Are you here to take more money? Because, I think what you're looking for is an ATM.
That's quite all right, but I feel obligated to tell you that this meeting is being videotaped.
Oh, you're so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.
Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?
Remind me to review with you which pot is decaf and which is regular.
Miss Green, your father's doctor is on the phone if you'd like to speak to him.
I can't believe this. I just-I can't believe this. How-how-Oh my God. How long ago?
I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.
The next tour of the wine cellar will plan in two in-in minutes...
Well y'know, he's blah, she's just-she's very loud for such a small person.
OK, I'll just sit here and... uh... chat with your, uh.... friend-type....people.
So you look like you're doing really well! I guess you're mugging days are behind you?
Actually, you know, Joey is your friend, and you don't really know me that well; it would be weird.
Maybe people... found it weird.... So, why do you want to leave Ralph Lauren?
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller.
Oh. Speaking of whom, I hear he's got some 20-year-old twinkie in the city.
Oh! Okay! You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me!
This may surprise you, but re-hiring fired employees, is not my main job.
I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.
Ok, nothing from the neck up. Or the waist down. Dana's ovulating.
Oh, you know, wait. I do have one question. Do you guys do random drug testing?
You have been M.I.A for the past seven sorority newsletters, what's up with you?!
You're right. She probably will support me. Hey, unless we move in with you, dad?
Sorry, the lightning. Lightning was an unfortunate incidence. You look lovely, lovely.
I'm sorry sweetie, it's the hospital. The food looks great, maybe save me some?
I'm sorry it didn't work out between you and me, or you and me. Drew was very disappointed.
On the date, I will be able to talk to her directly? See ya Friday.
Oh, well, we can go see the Chronos Quartet at the Avery Fisher Hall.
Well, remember how I was trying to achieve the positronic distillation of subatomic particles?
Oh yeah? Well then how come I can't get my VCR to stop blinking 12:00?
Humpf, remember him? How we used to make out all the time after you went to sleep.
'Cause it just sorta happened, y'know we were at the courthouse, we were having lunch...
No, no-no, no-no, my point is that I kept coming back because, I wanted to see you.
Wait! Wait! Listen! Listen to this! Y'know what I wanted to be when I was that age?
Now it also says here that you lied about your sexual preference before marriage?
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.
I've been following your career for years, I-I can't wait for your keynote speech.
Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.
I'm really fine, don't worry, I'm great with children. Gavin Mitchell. Pleased to meet you.
It's a haven. A third-floor paradise. A modern-day Eden in the midst...
Oh y'know, I didn't think of it that way. You're right. You're right. So, can I ask you a question?
No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!
Oh come on! Morning's here! Morning's here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!
Yeah, I'm serious. It's fun, it's different and no-one else has a name like that!
Look, I am just not strong enough to be in a codependent relationship right now, OK?
Well, I don't know. I mean it's not like we don't have anything in common. I mean I like uh, pizza.
Actually, I'm a... kind of a.... you know, a... date-type... thing... of Rachel's.
A-And it's on Fifth. And the elevator opens up right into the living room.
Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it.
It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
No-no. Contractions can be unnerving if you don't know what they are, but she's fine.
Joey Tribbiani. Yes, ok. Hold on. She wants to talk to you. Take the phone.
I'm very interested to find out who's been doing her taxes these last four years.
Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars. See, we're having fun.
Well he left four years ago so we're expecting him back any minute now.
And we'll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.
Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. What are you doing?
No, there was an appliance left on in the bathroom. It's looks like a curling iron.
Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.
Oh, I love your neighborhood. There's a great gym right around the corner from your building.
One more thing... There... might be a picture of Precious on my coffee table.
Basically, we think you're a horrible human being, and bad things should happen to you.
Maybe I'll sign for it. Tear it open. Pull out the packing material...
Ah, sir a ticket to Yemen is $2,100 and we don't take library cards.
Yeah, a woman I went to college with just became the first female blacksmith down there.
I don't think they have a name for it. It's just I get nervous; I start sweating like crazy.
Oh, I wish. Look, honey, you have that report to finish, and I gotta go see my lawyer.
How long is this gonna take? 'Cause I got another critic to go yell at.
Well, say no more. Y'know it takes guts to bring this up. Bing! You're okay.
Threatening letters, refusal to meet deadlines, apparently people now call you mental.
No I distinctly remember you were dodging her calls and trying to avoid seeing her.
No. If I can't have your clams, you can't have my dessert. This is a two way street.
Sometimes I think that.. Oh, no, no, no, I can't say it, it's too horrible. No.
Well, that' me. Here, have this. I'm only allowed one piece of carryon anyway.
Uh-oh, Bruiser has Becker on the canvas and is going for his favourite area.
My hamster. I hope she's okay, I haven't seen her in a while. Have a seat.
Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet the middle of your ass.
She actually makes me miss that pill-popping ex-wife of his. Oh, hello dear...
Hey Sal, Jerry wants to know if the monkey's ready for the subway set?
Amber, I want you to know that I'll always be there for you, as a friend and as your brother.
Your no God's gift to women, that's all in your headdddd. You are just a buttmunch.
Well, I believe that the answers lie in the osteological evidence. I plan to begin there.
Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I'll wait for you. Do you even know how long you're going to be gone?
Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I assume you are also a single parent?
Yes. I have a weird sense of humor, and I'm kinda strangely proud of my butt.
I'm sorry, all our first class seats are taken. That couple got the last two.
Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing.
I'm so glad you could come Chandler, we've got plenty of food so I hope you're hungry.
You can put the aisle over here , and put the wedding ceremony right over here.
Oh yeah. I actually liked you guys. But it doesn't matter, because what you did was wrong.
I appreciate this soo much, I've been trying to go out with this guy for like a month.
You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don't you ever go out the bloody window!
You never told me about that guy on your sweet sixteen. Oh, ugh. I'm sorry about that.
Oh yeah, probably at the end. Oh my God! He only took pictures of my breasts!
Oh, Martha Ludwin's daughter is gonna call you. Mmm! What's that curry taste?
Ok Geller. Last day of the conference, you know what happens to the keynote speaker.
Okay Joey, you're up next. This are good! This is amazing! You get an A!
Welcome to the building. I'm uh, Steve Sarah; I'm president of the tenants committee.
Look, I know it must be hard that your wife is a lesbian, but it's wrong. You're married.
I was thinking of doing it a little shorter, you know, like Andie McDowell's new haircut?
Sorry I'm late. Let's get started. So, what did everybody think about Jane Eyre?
Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. Do you want some chicken?
Uh, a little bit. She-she-she walked in and I thought she was you and I kissed her and...
You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
Uh well, the game was too complicated and research showed people didn't follow it.
Oh I can't... I have seminars all day and I promised Ross I would look at his speech.
Lights please? And thats having a baby. Next week is our final class.
I'm sorry, it's just this Ernie Cofax thing on in a few minutes I wanted to watch.
Phoebe, come sit. Tell us a little bit about yourself... So where are you from?
No, but it'll be OK, they're pretty cool, my brother's straight so. . .
Yeah. It's a sonogram they took of the baby last week. I thought you might want to see it.
Monica warned me you might do that. I actually think we might have something for you at the agency.
I mean, this is no offense to your dad, sweetie, but I was thinking there might be more.
Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...
I'm Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.
Look come on, eh, just ah, just ah, put your arms around me, eh.
No, no Mike, just Crap Bag. First name Crap, last name Bag.
Oh, my god, I am so glad you called me. I had the most supremely awful day.
Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time because apparently we...
I think we'll be okay. Besides it's so perfect and she's been saving herself for me.
My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.
'Cause every time I see your face, I can't help but fall from grace. I know.....
We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?
So anyway I sent the designs over to Ralph and he's very excited about the line.
Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
I can tell you work out. A paleontologist who works out, you're like Indiana Jones.
Hey you guys, umm do either one of you want to get in there before I take my bath.
Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.
...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man...
Right, yeah, cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.
Yeah, we are going to share every moment of this with you. And I think we're gonna have some fun.
You don't know how that happened?! Your dog thought my diaphragm was a chew toy!
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet".
Ain't that bad yet, but it keeps getting darker for the next four hours.
Oh that's great! Okay, well I've heard everything I need to hear. I just need to uh, Leslie...
I have no idea what you're talking about. But I, but I just got Phoebe Buffay's autograph!
Rachel, one of your customers seems to have left his billfold. A Joshua Bergen.
And, of course, if you feel that neither of those is right for you, you can always adopt.
Mine haven't been so bad. Oh! Here comes one now. Oh, that was a big one!
Hey! Take these cappuccinos to table 11 and that guy over there wants the biscotti.
My funny valentine, sweet comic valentine! You make me high over my heart!
Yes, that's right. We're excited about the level of sophistication you'll be bringing to the job.
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand, that I might... touch thy cheek...
Ross, we...we have to be strong. Okay, I-I'm gonna go. Can I? To remember you?
It's gonna be an open casket, y'know, so at least I'll- I get to see him again.
Oh no, these dresses are all so amazing but there is no way I could afford one.
We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.
Ross! Come quickly! There's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
I just think there's somebody better out there for you, I mean I'm not saying me but. maybe me.
It's been an hour. ??? be willing to reconsider switching to a smaller table.
...taking a long walk, and then there's the one that's proved most effective: sex.
You are really good at that. So uh, I had fun tonight, you throw one hell of a party.
Now-now calm down. Come look in my office, some of it my still be in the trash.
Really?! Well, it's just like everyone else's apartment. It's got rooms, walls, and ceilings.
So would it, would it make you feel better if I said I was very, very sorry that I left?
Oh no-no, I-I had my eyes closed so I could concentrate and y'know take it all in.
Can we at least try living together? I mean you might change your mind about marriage.
But, we're thinking, given the right marketing, we can make Thanksgiving the Mockolate holiday.
I've asked Lee from human resources to be here as a witness to our conversation.
Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
I've gotta call my friend Mary and tell her how good this is, from Monica's room.
I was actually relieved uh I didn't win the boat. My wife would've killed me.
You think you can knock up my daughter and then not marry her?! I'm gonna kill you!!
Its pretty ugly. We havent seen an ANUS this bad since the seventies.
Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it's been killing me today.
Oh, Chandler, look. You and Monica are meant to have children. I am sure it's gonna be just fine.
I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don't you tell about your lovely wedding?
But what?! You figured you'd get what you wanted and then dump her like you dumped Rachel!
But well, now that we're together again, I don't ever want to be apart. So, to that end...
So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
It's okay. I get that a lot doing what I do. But I am straight. I-I'm engaged actually.
Well, I was just wondering about the mother-to-be, but.. thanks for sharing. Uh, lie back..
Actually its, Vatican City. Now ahh, what do you know about vulcanised rubber?
Right and then everybody finds out and they're like: "Oh, I knew all along"
Look at that: still in character, I like it... I plant seeds I can't explain.
Okay, but the money's good, plus you get to stare at Rachel as much as you want.
I uh, I gotta tell you man, I mean, that's uh, it's kinda out of the blue, I mean don't you think?
So, as Joey's friends, is there anything that you guys think our readers ought to know?
Phoebe hang on a second Ross wants to say something. What? You slept with someone else?!
Hey Monica, there's a customer who wants to complement the chef, should I let him in?
How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!
Yeah, I really cherish these moments, 'cause before you know it, they're gonna be awake again.
Well, yes! Just give me five minutes, I just have to find someone to cover my shift.
Screw you, Mike. You're a coward and a bastard, and I hope you rot in hell.
You know, ever since I was little, I've been able to pick up quarters with my toes.
I'm sorry. I just...when I look at you I see her. When I see her I get a little bit angry.
It's candy time! My roommate says that they taste like little drops of heaven.
It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.
You do realize that you won't have access to our new full service Swedish spa.
Oh, my God, maybe you're right. Maybe I don't need him. I deserve to be treated with respect.
Yeah! I mean you're-you're beautiful and smart and sophisticated-a lot of this isn't based on tonight.
I love this artichoke thing! Oh, don't tell me what's in it, the diet starts tomorrow!
Cigarette's don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't mention the shoes. Who's next? Chander.
It's not hopeless! Dr. Stryker Remoray's a miracle worker. Look, here he comes.
Well you're only two centimeters dilated and we need to get to ten. It'll be a while.
Well, we were in the city shopping, and your mom said you work here, aaand it's true!
I can't believe you really walk alone here! I mean, you hear such stories about New York.
I was passin' by and I saw that you were playing tonight, it's kinda cool seeing you up there.
Hi. Uh, did I accidentally drop a condom in your case? It's kind of an emergency.
I always wanted to play piano professionally, and I figured if I don't do this now, I never will.
Say uh, Bing, did you hear about the new law firm we got working for us?
I...I don't care about fashion! I'm pregnant! And I know you are too, so you gotta help me!
Oh hey, thanks again for showing me your semi-precious stone collection. It was amazing!
Oh, wait, no your right, no it was perfect and I can't believe that I screwed it up so bad.
I know! Why don't you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
We are moving along, just slowly. Don't worry, you're doing great. I'll be back soon.
And then right, right when the scene ends, he could take her with this raw, animal....
Oh, sure. Now. But what happens when he meets somebody else and gets married?
Can anyone else name a well known seed that's been masquerading as a nut?
Oh gosh, Lily, yes. Of course I remember Lily. I... Then you must be?
It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.
Oh look, you don't have to give it too me right now! You can slip it under my door.
Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face and her chest I could really put something together.
A ten speed bike. But, I'd rather have something my Dad couldn't sell.
I told you, we're adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?
Bobby Corso, but he's a real nice guy. I like him a lot. He's real funny.
Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
Well, I went over to Kyle's last night to pick up a few things and we got to reminiscing...
Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this.
It looked like we were gonna lose her this morning, but she's a tough old bird.
...so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here forgets the camera!
Oh I feel very lucky, she's great. I think she's the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
Monica and Rachel had syrup, now I can get my man to cheer up. Good morning Joey.
This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.
Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
He happens to be brilliant. Which is more than I can say for that sweater you're dating.
You know, kinda think of it, the capital of Peru IS "vtox". Oh god! Oh!
No! Look, I was gonna tell you this over dinner, but I met somebody else. On my trip.
Oh, I knew you'd be so cool about this. All right, ah, hey, do you want to meet her?
It's gonna be ok, just remember, we're doing this for Jordie. Just keep focusing on Jordie.
Ohh, well. Y'know we were always together, in fact the had a nickname for the three of us.
Check it out man, I tore it off some mannaquin in the alley behind Macy's.
Excuse me for a moment, will you please, I want to say good night to the Levines, before we go.
Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.
Dr. Biely, your proposal includes some field work. Where might that take place?
...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?
Of course you did. Look Ross, you can't get an annulment unless you and Rachel are both there.
It is nice to meet you. I'm Dr. Franzblau. I'm your roommate's... brother's... ex-wife's obstetrician.
I was just coming over here to apologize for my behavior! I'd really like it if we could be friends.
Well, I bet you are all thinkin' "Now would be a really great time for an intermission", huh?
Um-hmm, and did you stay up all night in preparation for your sleep study. Uh, sir?
That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
I can't believe you thought that you were going to video tape us having sex on the first date!
You know, you're a really great listener. Most guys I go out with, they just talk and talk.
Yeah, we had a really great night and in the morning he promised he would call me and he didn't.
Would you? Or, is it just to sad and desperate, and y'know something that Sophie would do?
It's nice to see you're not still wearing that denim cap with all the little mirrors on it.
Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it's his first time.
Chandler darling! Look, my date has finally arrived. I'd like you to meet Dennis Phillips.
Or maybe, maybe he could grab her, and, and, and, and lift her up.
Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.
Congratulations. Okay, Mr. Bing you'll be in 25J and Mrs. Bing you'll be in 25K.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.
Here we go gentlemen, here we go! Are you ready? Are you ready? Let's get it on!!
It's a... It's good to meet you! Thank you so much for taking the time out to show me around.
I ah, I work at Bloomingdale's and I might know of a job possibility if your, if your interested?
No-no ah, everything's okay. Everybody's healthy there's 30 fingers and 30 toes.
Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
Look, I dont see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I'm a woman.
Well I was thinking it would be um, kind of sexy if you wore mine tonight, at dinner.
That's so sweet. Would you like to come in and say good-bye? I'm sure it would mean a lot to her.
Nice moustache by the way. When puberty hits that thing's really gonna kick in.
I uh, I got it from the gift shop. They have really lax security there. It's a joke.
Someone was in the lady's room, I couldn't wait. I left the lid up for ya though.
You bet I am! And to answer your earlier question, we're straight-up gangster rap.
Richard? We're ready for you. Joey Tribbiani? This is Richard Crosby he's playing Vincent.
Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.
Right. Right. Ross. So what's the deal with you guys? I don't want to get in the middle of anything.
Don't do that to yourself. Any one of us could have tripped over that little girls jump-rope.
Sophie, would you please climb out of my butt. Why hasn't he called, Rachel? Why?
What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see?
Well maybe you can date him then that would save me the trouble of killing him. Are you okay?
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts us.
I'm an idiot. Uh, is your mother here? Maybe I can give her a little slap on the butt.
Ooh, actually I've been making a list of all the women I know who might be into doing this!
So uh, you're not gonna be able to live here for a while, you ladies have a place to stay?
Yeah. Y'know we-we talked about just living together, but um, we want to have kids right away.
So Monica let me ask you a question. Y'know, since we broke up do you ever, think about me?
She's probably not even very pretty, just young enough so that everything is still pointing up.
Then I made the mistake of turning off the TV, I never got it back again. And I'm sad.
Y'know I-I thought it was gonna be weird, I mean I almost called and canceled, but it really isn't.
No. Nothing. Imagine, if she had just stepped off that curb a few seconds later.
How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
I never should have broken up with you. I think about you all the time. I mean, do you ever still think about me?
Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train.
I'll be there, and who knows, if things go well, maybe this time I'll get to see your underwear.
No, I-I actually thought it was unfair the way everyone reacted. I mean you had just moved in.
My skirt, you lifted, kids laughing. I was Susie Underpants 'till I was 18.
You work and you work and you work at a marriage but all he cares about is his stupid boat.
But seriously, I believe that we should all support President Clinton. And her husband Bill.
Well, I wouldn't call her a star, but she's really good. You should check out Inspecther Gadget.
The woman I love is having a baby today. I've been waiting for this just as much as you have.
But your chin here. Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.
No... he killed his father with a shovel. But other than that, he's a great guy.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Go ahead. Try a piece. Yeah, we think that Mockolate is even better than chocolate.
Okay, Dave in the membership office, handles quitters. Uh, excuse me, are you a member?
Is it yours? Ha! You wish, Chandler Bing. You are looking at a married lady now.
The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.
I am. I am, but I don't know you know. An actor of a certain age is not that easy.
Well you kids talk about this place so much, we thought we'd see what all the fuss is about.
Okay, what the hell, what the hell. You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?
OK, I don't want to freak you out or anything, but I think I just saw a rat in your cupboard.
Actually, he is buying a much bigger place. It's got a great view of Central Pa.....
But, I mean, you have met... humans before, right? Look, why don't you go talk to my mom?
Fortunately, I won't. And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break.
I played Smelly Cat for the people at my old ad agency, they went nuts.
Wow! Are you here to make another donation the same day? I don't think that that's ever happened before.
Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Oh, mostly fashion, so there may be models here from time to time, I hope that's cool.
As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts us.
Ah, cool! Taco shells! You know, these are... they're like a little corn envelope.
Look, it's like I told you, there's nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.
Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.
How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here , Rachel Green?
Well, not unless it's got something to do with dehydrating my man because right now I'm a dehydrating maniac!
Oh no-no, I'm fascinated by paleontology. Have you read the new Walter Alvarez book?
We don't have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We've got a canoe.
No kiddin,' that's the exact same drink I made myself right after I shot my husband.
Okay! All your tests look fine. Now, are you two interested in knowing the sex of the baby?
All right, I got to run. Tell Monica I say goodbye. And... I'll see you later, neighbor.
That's fine, actually I'm on the hiring committee, so there'll be at least one friendly face.
I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.
Which means you had seven years of beach fun and you can't put a price on that sweetie.
I'm sorry, you're right, I apologize, but I should tell you that I'm waiting for a date. Oh, and there he is now.
Oh, sorry about that stuff hanging in there. It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.
I thought so many times about calling him and asking him out. I guess I really missed my chance.
You're a very sweet person Ross, umm, unfortunately I don't think I can take another second of you whining!!
And there is a collection of Walt Whitman letters on display at the public library.
Hah, sorry about the wait, but it is mega-jammed in here! We have a couple specials tonight...
Okay ladies, that ends today's class, and let's remember, let's be safe out there.
What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, you haven't said anything for about two and a half minutes, are you at all interested?
Oh umm, uh we don't sell cigarettes, but they have them at the newsstand across the street.
Listen, I-I guarantee you keep your job if you can teach me how to talk to women like you do.
I'm Dr. Miller. Monica told me you were a little nervous, but don't worry everything's gonna be just fine.
On a bell please! Quietly.. and ACTION! Olivia: Drake! What are you doing in here?
Morning's here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning's here! The morning's here!
You don't observe a dance class. You dance a dance class. Spare shoes are over there.
Oh that one is available now, but only identical twins are eligible. It's a twins study.
Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!
Oh, I made a little something. If I had more time to work on it, it'd be better, but..
Plus hotels are fun! My room has this little fridge full of free snacks!
No-no-no, no. I'm going to talk. I believe that the sun has set on our day in the sun.
Hey you know what, this kid needs me, okay? She needs to have a cool fun aunt!
So umm, now back to the show. How does it feel to have a huge gay fan base?
But there'll be perhaps 30 people under you so you can dump a certain amount on them.
Well if I didn't have sex with you, I had sex with someone that looked an awful lot like...
Still you know, a girl calls you by your ex-boyfriend's name, that-that's not a good thing, right?
Yeah, but you can come and visit me. I bet that you could uh, own a few places down there.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Well, if we learned one thing today C.H.E.E.S.E. is that cheerleaders and high explosives don't mix.
Alright, lets see if you're as good in person as you are on paper. Make me a salad.
Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'
Joey! It's Estelle! Great news, I was able to get you and one guest tickets to your premiere.
Oh, I think I see the problem. And I'm afraid we're gonna have to use a much stronger tool. Love.
Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. But you? What a bitch!
Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.
This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it?
Chandler, you were the strongest person in the program. We're offering you the position of junior copywriter.
Well if you're asking me to quit, then you're asking me to be someone I'm not. I've got to do this.
Yeah, but y'know, I think the reason we're not getting that spin right is because my apartment's too small.
Hey, here's an idea. Why don't uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
We will now count from one to five. Un, deux, trois, quatre, cinq.
So you uh, you checked the paper for listings in Brooklyn Heights, right? You-you checked the Post?
Whoa! This looks like an all day job, I'll have to cancel my yoga class. Hey Ross!
Oh, Ross, listen to me. I have sold a hundred million copies of my books, and y'know why?
Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter but... Okay, why not?
Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early...
That's not even kinda close! Dr. Li, how many graduate students you'd be needing?
...No. I think some things are better left unsaid. I think it's nicer when people just get along.
Well...I Only Have One Thing To Do Today. I guess I could push it back.
You know I'm trying to think of the last time I opened a door and you weren't there, Phoebe are you ok?
This witness won't return my calls so we're gonna see if we can surprise him coming home.
Oh honey, come on, have a sense of humour, you've never been able to laugh at yourself.
I know I didn't do well on my midterms and stuff but, I was kinda hoping you could change my grade.
Ross. You're not actually suggesting Helen Willick-Bunch-Geller? 'Cause I think that borders on child abuse.
And then after decided to forgive you, seeing you at the airport catching our plane with her.
No, it's just a good bone bruise. And, right here is the puncture wound from your ring.
But I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do... Ah, it's not true, there is... nothing I want to do.
That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions...
And then she could rip off his shirt and kiss his chest, and, and his stomach!
Listen to me. If you think sleeping with Ralph is going to get you my job. You are sadly mistaken.
Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
Oh, Rachel! Wait! Hey, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but, but, um... what are you doing?
No, no, no Ross! Ross, these are friends of mine from home. Liam, Devon, this is Ross.
No, actually, see I had to pee, 'cause I can't use public bathrooms because the doodie parasites.
Yes, I see that here. Unfortunately we can't guarantee a private room and currently they're all unavailable.
Look, Rachel's told me how much easier you've made all this on her. Why can't you do that for me?
Ah, that's OK, come on in. Um, I'm sorry, is Monica Geller coming? I was told she was.
Y'know you could totally sell this. It'd be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.
Oh believe me, I-I-I've been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.
You know, I... I feel like I've been here before. Are any other couples in the building adopting?
Yes I can. Because if I go it means I have to break up with you, and I can't break up with you.
Yeah, people get pretty generous around the holidays. And it never hurts to wear tight trousers.
Okay, okay, one thing's changed. But we still want different things and we know how this is gonna end.
It's all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it, but don't worry. It'll happen.
Yeah. This one goes across the street, I must have given him yours. Oh, bonehead, bonehead!
Oh God! I am so sorry, but... I mean it's... there's so much history between us, you know...
In fact we're playing a game at the park tomorrow. You're welcome to play too if you want.
Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like
So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
Oh my God, I completely forgot! Oh my God! I can't believe they let us back in this place! .
Thank you. I'd like to start with a song that I wrote for the first man I ever loved. Zachary.
No, it isn't, because you won't let that happen. Don't you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing.
Okay, you got your free food! You ruined everyone's fun! Don't you think it's time you went home?!
Dr. Richard Burke is out of town. Dr. Timothy Burke, his son, will see you now.
Yeah, um, I was over there, then you said, "Excuse me, hello Miss," so now Im here.
There's no way he smells, he's the only one around here with a shower in his dressing room.
Well Joey doesn't like to talk about it but, he's one of the stars of Days Of Our Lives.
Well, we already have one offer on it, and I think the lady upstairs is goning to make another one.
Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and it's not polite to make fun of people. Goodbye.
Well, I don't think there is anything to do. I mean I think you're really sweet, but I'm just not interested in you like that.
Yeah, that's what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!
Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn't tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?
...and all those dinosaur nick-knacks you have Ross, I thought they might be more at home in the garage.
No he's not! He's totally yanking your chain! He's done this with three other teachers!
Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.
Hey, when did we become one of those couples whose lives revolve around their rats?
For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?
Oh, well obviously you know Barbara and I split up, otherwise you wouldn't have done the head tilt.
It's Bob actually. Hey, you work up here, can you tell me where this Chandler Bing's office is?
Oh no! But I just walked past three sales and I didn't go in. How strong am I?
Y'know why? She's got the Christmas bonus list in there. I saw her working on it this morning.
Okay, how about this, you guys die and the crazy plate lady dies, then do I get the baby?
Your generous contribution brings us a big step closer to building the youth center.
Hold it. I'm sorry, the surprise is a new swing set, if you could play it a little less...intense?
Y'know what? Strike that. My name uh, actually is-is Joe. Uh, Joe umm, Hill.
Well, I y'know, I was just, umm, I was just thinking and hoping, that umm, maybe you'd want to get back together?
By the way, do you know who's moving back into town? Tom and Sue's daughter Jen.
Uh, not really. But when it comes to cheese, I'm one of the people who thinks the smellier the better.
Joey, you gotta stay until the end. We can't stop filming just for you. It's not like it's your wedding.
I realise that people are going to be disappointed. But, I'm sure they'll come back when we can do it right.
Take it easy--if you want, there's cookies on the counter, or, or--sangria! I can make sangria!
Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We're the same, you and me.
Wow. Y'know we're back where we were. Honey, I would love to do all that, but nothing's changed.
I don't know. I think maybe one of them is dying. I kinda hope it's the girl. The guy is really cute!
So, what are you guys in the market for? We've got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
We'll just grab some food and take it with us right upstairs, and we'll be right out of you hair.
We're very sad that it didn't work out between you and Emily, monkey. But, I think you're absolutely delicious.
Well, uh, sometimes I think about selling my practice, we could move to France, make French toast.
If anyone asks, we'll just say Ben addressed them. Oh! So you invited Rachel then?
I don't see it. You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand!
... all these coasts having beautiful weather. In New York, it's 72 and sunny!
Well, me and my dancer friends are thinking of doing Thanksgiving uptown. I thought you guys might like to come.
Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
Well uh, after you ran out on your wedding, Barry's parents told people that you were sort of....insane.
Then, problem solved. Chandler will be running our office in Tulsa. You're gonna love Oklahoma.
Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.
Oh, uh, well, you left your good hair at my apartment, I figured you'd need it tomorrow for your meeting.
Thank you, thank you very much. If everyone will please take your seats, dinner will be served.
Listen, I know, I may be way out of bounds here, but is there any chance you will take me back?
I don't know. They-they must be your mother's, but please, please don't ask her. I'll throw these away.
Well he got sick, and then he got sicker, and then he got a little better but then he died.
Alright we're back! Ten seconds left here we go! Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven!
None. But if there was something you wanted to tell us, we're just gonna be right over there having coffee.
I'm telling you, it's a wonder your mother turned out to be the positive, life-affirming person that she is.
At the uh, supermarket, in the uh, ethnic food section. I helped him pick out a chorizo.
Hey, y'know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
Kidding! I'm gonna get there early, but I'm going to put you on the V.I.P list, okay? Look for me.
Well, if I had to chose right now, which by the way I find really weird, I would have to say, Chandler.
I know, my daughter's told me about it when they received their impromptu invitations a month ago.
Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..
Ross, we can solve this. I just heard your speech. We can recreate it! We've got all night!
Y'know, thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm not gonna date some random guy from your work.
I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.
This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
The library board has had a lot of complaints from parents about some of the stuff in your songs.
Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers, where'd you get those eyes?
That's great! I'm sorry. It's just... such an emotional thing when you're welcomed into a new family...
Ok. Very good. Have a seat right over here Mr. Bing and Sonia will be right with you.
No. That's not what I'm saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
Wait! I think I see where you're going, but before you say anything else, can I just say one more thing?
Okay, everything looks good. Here it is on the screen. Here is your uterus. And right here is your baby.
Sweetheart I know you're gonna be terrific mom, I just think you need a little help, especially at the beginning.
Yeah, well, sure I touch them, but I spent years learning not to squish them. That's my hand.
Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him!
You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
I'm telling you! The guy from that show was here in my room, asking me all these weird questions!
Yes, you do.Yes...you do. I'm the one who doesn't have a choice because I...because I can't stop loving you.
Problem odour in the litter box? Don't change your kitty, change your kitty litter.
Huh. Oh, boy! Uhh, I-I don't wear suits to work, and I bought six of them from you.
I've heard the speech: "if he knew it was gonna be the last time he saw her... "
Joey Tribbiani! I'm surprised your big head could fit through our small halls! I gotta go Joey.
Don't worry, Hoshi taught me how to use an opponent's strength and weight against him.
....oversized bracelets, oversized earrings, oversizing of accessories in general are very popular now.
Oh. Yeah. Well.. You didn't come see me when I was in the hospital when I was getting my lips done.
Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?
Yeah, if I have to. Monica, I don't wanna lose you, so if I have to do it all over again, then I will.
Mr. Bing? Here you are! You'll go into that room and deposit your specimen into the container.
Oh, I'm so happy I'm gonna do this for my little girl. Aw, look at you. You have tears in your eyes.
So is there like a story or do they just stard doing it right. . . oh, never mind.
A little birdie told me something about you wanting to rip your arm off and throw it at me.
Oh, thank you. Well if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go get myself a drink. Be back in a moment.
Well, ever-ev-... ever since she left me, um, I haven't been able to, uh, perform. ...Sexually.
Cool, alright. So maybe, ya know, I could give you a call sometime, we could talk or somethin'.
You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?
Totally, I love them! And, maybe you could finish telling me about all the different kinds of sand.
Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.
So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
And then, and then you said that thing about, about bringing the Mesozoic era in the 21st century.
Well, you've got a little scratch on your cornea, your gonna have to wear a patch for a couple of days.
Okay, so since umm, you're not going to jail tonight I was wondering if you would like to go to dinner with me?
Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Its such a slap in the face. I'm your sister and you would give your baby to these strangers over me.
No-no, it's ooozing, oozing. Could you pass me the cream? Is there any-Oh, there's the cream.
Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that's not gonna be me, not me.
You should be careful when checking your overhead bins, 'cause items may shift during...
It's just my first marriage was, you know such a disaster. I kind of lost faith in the whole idea.
Congratulations on your first week at your brand new job! It won't be long before your the boss.
I know it's really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and-Oh no! No! No! My God!
Some little snacks for everybody. Oh, you don't have to eat the sour worms. Those are for Owen.
Okay, so let me just get this straight. You're accusing me of cheating on you, and insulting my performance?
We're actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we're not looking for applicants right now.
Yes, you'll be all grown up by then. We'll be... Well your grandfather and I might not be here.
Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
And you know why? Because you told the truth, and nobody ever tells kids the truth.You were incredible.
That guy has been waiting for his coffee for ten minutes! He's complained about you three times!
Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
No, you didn't. The only thing that freaked me out was you saying that nothing could ever happen between us.
Presenting the award for Favorite Supporting Actress is Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives.
That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?
Oh, look at us! Who would've thought that Cupid had a station at 14th Street Nails.
Well, I'm sorry I brought it up. So, are either one of you planning on staying at home with your child...
Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. Are you all right sweethart?
Oh, yeah, right. There was a break-in, few months back, inside job. Your monkey was taken.
I'm sorry. Are you ok with that? Cause if not...maybe us moving in together isn't the best idea.
I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I'm-I'm playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Well, please welcome... The Snufflebumps... Who wants to be mr. Wigglemunch and who's gonna be the Grumpus?
I'm sorry there wasn't better news from your test last week but I wanted to talk to you about your options.
Look, he's a really great guy and I know that you really want this to work out, but I just don't see this having a future.
Oh, I'll be right back. And, uh, I know it's really not my place, but please don't name your child Phoebo.
..a sound Mom and Dad never forget. For this after all, is the miracle of birth.
We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw .
I have no idea, I went to the bathroom. So sweetie, you were starting to tell me what is uh, what is new with you.
Oh, he's fine. He's fine. It's just that us getting along is difficult for him, because he doesn't like me.
So it looks like you've got some great experience here. Let's see ahh, reason for leaving last job?
Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.
This kitty is Mittens and this one is Fitzhugh, and this little guy in the cat condo is Jinkies.
Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.
Oh, I know and he's soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.
I'd have to say...the talking gorilla, because at least I can explain to him that you're making me eat him.
You'll never believe what just happened, Ross just totally blew me off and he didn't even tell me why!
Sorry. But just one last thing. Y'know you came looking for family. I'm family, I'm it. Now, now I'm done.
Oh well, at least you were lucky to have him. Bow-wow old friend, bow-wow. So where's the party?
You're kidding me? I mean, it's enough that you are a doctor. But on top of it, you're married to a reverend?
This is what my mom was talking about. Whiners are wieners. Look, you want your friends to be happy, right?
Hey don't take it personal, he's under a lot of pressure, ya know, starring in a movie and all.
Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
Oh, no, no. Not Leslie. No, she's, she's the only one that knows how to burp the alphabet.
Could you uh, could you lower your script? I need to see your face so I can uh, play off your reaction.
Loosening the saddle on mother's horse was brilliant Fredrick. And the electric fence, inspired.
That was Alice's mom, she said she left five hours ago. She should be here by now!
It's okay, it's not as bad as it looks, it's a precaution. Ah, I'm not supposed to move my spine.
I have to get off this plane, okay? Her friend has a feeling something's wrong with the left Philange.
I was wondering you both have such serious jobs. Would you have time to take care of a baby and your flock?
Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs...
Hello Monica. It's Amanda calling again. I am in the neighborhood hoping I can pop by your flat!
You're a grand ol' flag, you're a high-flying flag, and forever in peace may you wave....
No. well look can I think your weird and also cool for telling me the truth and also wanna kiss you.
It's hard isn't it? There's almost no time for a social life. I mean, where are you gonna meet someone?
Okay, okay... when Barry was engaged to you, he and I...kind of... had a little thing on the side.
I don't know. Maybe maybe low self-esteem, maybe maybe to compensate for overshadowing a sibling, maybe you...
She says it's to dry now and she wants to come back here and explain to you exactly how she wants it.
It really was. Oh, c'mere, sweetheart. Y'know, I think it might be time for you to start using night cream.
It really was. There was this great little pastry shop right by my hotel. There you go, dear.
Oh right. All right, it's no fat, it's no sugar, it's no dairy...it's no good. Throw it out.
He's gonna go up to the counter with Citizen Kane, Vertigo, and Clockwork Orgy. This is nice.
Yeah, I read some great applications, but then I thought "who better then a minister to raise a child!"
Oooh, c'mon, shut up, it's fun. Gimme a hug. Well, I think we're ready for some tequila.
Oh, it's nothing. I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building and it didn't end very well.
Hey, I went by the photo shop, take a look, here is a mockup of our card. What do you think?
Oh umm, I'm the solar system. Yeah, my students helped me make it-I teach the second grade.
Remember the class play? You, you pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants.
Whoops. Sorry. This just in. Oh, it's 9-1-1 from the restaurant, that means Monica needs me right away.
We have. Maybe we'll be seeing each other at dinner tomorrow night, say around 8 o'clock?
No it's just tiring having to figure out the age at which all my grandparents died. I'll see you tomorrow.
I've come here to apologize. I think I may have let my feelings for Charlie interfere with the interview process.
Ah, oh, hang on a second. Come in, come in. All right, so think about it, and call me back.
Oh, hey, man I know, doesn't matter how much we love 'em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.
So, let's talk about women. I'm sure our female readers will be interested to know about your romantic life.
What, you can do it in the parking lot of a Taco Bell, but you can't do it at a doctor's office?
Sorry? Finally chewed my leg out of that bear trap. Hey, congratulations to you guys though!
Unfortunatly the only thing we have available is our deluxe suite, the rate is six hundred dollars.
I'm not letting you leave until you tell me what's going on here. I mean, are you guys getting back together or something?
Of course! I'm-I'm sorry. I-I'd hate you to miss anything like that on account of me. I can do this!
Hey! I got a kid starting college. I've to get surgery on my knee, you just lost me ten grand!
Well, little Jamie here is our third. So, if you have questions or you need anything at all, just holler.
Benji isn't in love with me. I mean, he broke up with me. And besides, he's a very ethical man.
And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives .
Jij Spreekt Nederlands? Dat Is Te Gek. Heb Je Familie Daar?
I may have borrowed this from my nephew, but let me assure you, what's underneath ... is all man.
Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
Oh, I don't think that. Before today I never thought of you two having sex at all. It was a simpler time.
Oh, Bob, he was nothing compared to you. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming your name.
Because if you feel uncomfortable with your friend dating someone you work for, there are always ways to fix...that.
Stop it, stop it! He talks slow but he might pee fast! Ok, let's go!!
Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love...
This is the final boarding call for flight 67 to San Diego, boarding at gate 42A.
Huh. Well, I'm supposed to be working at the restaurant tonight. I'm supposed to be working right now, so who cares.
Right, not just that. Umm, even though we love each other as much as we do, none the less...
Oh, that sounds lovely. We're gonna have to set that up. Oh, I better get back. Hope the baby feels better.
How are you Ms. Hot Shot chef with the big fancy restaurant with the best chicken ever!
I don't like looking foolish. Y'know what? Maybe uh, I don't arrest you today. Maybe I came by and you weren't here.
We're sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you'd pay for it yourself.
Oh, oh oh!! I'm sorry, can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.
And uh, Liam, Liam's got bad knees. You hit him right and he'll go down like a lamp.
Oh! Gosh! This is brilliant. Gosh, it's just like old times. I'm so happy you two are friends again!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Lennart Haze.
Mrs. Altman? She also made out with Takaka Ci-Kek the night before he went back to Thailand.
Oh no-no-no-no sweetheart, you stay put. I'll let myself out. It's like I'm not here, which I almost wasn't.
Yeah! I've been working so hard this semester. I really need to go crazy y'know, blow off some steam.
Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm.
Yeah, I-I don't, I can't get away with stuff like that. I-I-It sounded sexy in my head, so I...
Yeah, it happened to me once. I was just flipping through the channels and bam! It was like finding money.
Wow, Monica, if every restaurant is as clean as yours, I'd have a tough time making a living.
Well, we just had a terrible lunch today at Reattica. What is with all the sun-dried tomatoes at that place?
I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you.
We're gonna be all right. I mean, even if we're not married this baby is gonna be so loved. Not just by us.
Oh y'know what? You have to speak very loudly when you're talking to Sid, because he's almost completely deaf.
Well, there is a chance it's another guy. I mean, I have only ever been with two guys, but they sorta overlapped.
But pleasure is important, and it helps if the woman has an orgasm. You up to the task sailor?
...and even though none of the other kids believed me, I swear to God, that duck pushed me!
Hi, were the Rostins. Err, Im J.C., and hes Michael, and were having a boy, and a girl.
Yes! Yeah! Joey has great hair! Umm, I'm basically done here. Just let me get this off your neck.
Wha-, n-, no. I mean it's just a bunch of pretty people runnin' around on the beach, ya know.
That's fine. Well, your other dad and I are gonna go have a romantic evening and I guess I'll just see you kids around.
Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Okay, well, my cell phone number is right here on the counter, please help yourself to anything in the fridge.
No, unfortunately Lizzie's mom passed away shortly after she was born. I raised her by myself.
You know, Chappy's too small to handle all this snow. Someone's gonna have to walk him down the aisle.
It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.
All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.
I'm telling you Rachel, listen to Janice. They all say they're gonna be there until they start their real family.
Ah, just some basic dehydrating of a few fruits and vegetables. MAN ALIVE this thing's fantastic!
Oh, my ex-wife didn't work, unless you call turning into her mother work. Fine. Tomorrow night then.
It's kind of a risky joke Tag, and what is-what is this drawing I can't figure out what this is?
That sounds great. My God this is the most comfortable couch I've ever sat on in my entire life.
It's so cool man, it's so, it's just 'cause being with her is so much better than like not being with her.
Yes, in Oklahoma it's legal to smoke in offices with fifteen people or less. Would you like one?
Oh, well, likewise. Actually, not likewise. I've never heard of you until this morning, but, it's nice to be nice!
Oh. I was so looking forward to this. It was going to be such a beautiful Thanksgiving. We were going to have sushi.
We started saving again when you were dating Richard and then that went to hell, so we redid the kitchen.
Because I was told I'd get a free dinner, which I didn't. And that I'd meet a pretty girl. Which I did.
Ok. Ahh. One of my things is, I always separate my sweat socks from my dress socks.
I used to umm, schedule my classes so I could watch Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives.
Ooh, boy. You should warn people there's no elevator! I should not have had that Mexican food for lunch.
So, except for the fermentation process, beer and ale are basically the same thing. Fascinating isn't it.
hey wait wait wait wait wait! Is that true what you said Phoebe's never had a serious relationship?
Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
Absolutely! But you-you would really feel better about me rejecting you if your actor friend can audition for my movie?
I'll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn't been a day where I didn't regret giving you up.
By the way, Chandler. I cut you out of all my pictures. So if you want, I have a bag with just your heads.
Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination.
Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there's no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Get a load of this... She's proposing to him. Guess we know who wears the pants in that family.
Hold on, y'know I just got a box of Cubans, maybe I bring them by your office around uh, five?
Y'know what daddy? If you don't like Ross, that's fine. It doesn't matter to me, I'm gonna go out with him anyway.
Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.
Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Yeah. I mean y'know, we haven't been going out that long. Come on, we haven't even slept together yet. Huh.
You can't keep a rat in your appartment! They're extremely unsanitary, and they transmit leptospirosis and hantavirus.
Oh don't be sorry, that's part of your job here to give your opinions and then I take credit for them--I'm kidding.
I love the way you look every night Chandler! That's why I made you this tape! Happy Birthday! Love Janice!
Toby! I'm not gonna let you cover for him. Anything you say right now will just get me more upset with Chandler!
Look, if Phoebe wants to marry David, she should, I'm not gonna stand in the way of that and neither should you.
How do I and Joey know each other? Wow, if I had a nickel for every time somebody has asked me that.
Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these stomach-aches. They come and go like every few minutes.
I have just resigned my post. Would you care to accompany me to the Rainbow Room? I have diplomatic coupons.
She was. Carbs found her... See, this is what I wanted. Two sisters, talking about real stuff.
That reminds me of you so much, I mean umm, it-it's actually of Lenin. But, y'know at certain angles...
This might be my one chance to have a baby Rachel. I mean, you know that I have been so busy focusing on my carrer.
Okay, cool, all right, she just ah, parking the truck. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get my ah, my fiance man!
Okay, let me ask you something: if what you and your wife have is so great, then why are you spending Christmas with me?
Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica's place was nice, but her fiancee sure stares a lot.
Min. Oh Rach, you're still here, at our wedding, they were packing up the chopped liver about now.
No, she was this really dorky girl in high school that used to follow Rachel around like a puppy dog.
...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.
Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party.
That was good, that was really good. But I-I think your hands maybe a little off, they should be maybe right like...
Oh, I'm so glad you called. I feel like it's always me calling you. So, what's up? Is everything okay with Phoebe?
They never did, so if ever see me giving them legal advice just nod along. Shall we?
It's okay, it's okay, I'm here, I'm here. Sorry I'm late, okay, here I am. Who's the new tense girl?
Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
Yeah. It wasn't a town when I got there, but it was a town when I left. Shall we get me really drunk?
And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.
Oh, no-no-no, it's a good one! Fonzie plays the bongos. All right, are you ready? It's time to start pushing.
Yeah, that would be fantastic! My-my nephew is crazy about the Knicks! This is fantastic, thank you so much Rachel.
Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven and Andrea Waltham.
Okay, you're at ten centimeters. Time to start having some babies. All right, I want only the father in here please.
It says to call this number if you're not completely satisfied with this candy bar. Well, I'm not completely satisfied.
Listen, um about the hair straightener, honey.. I really need one. I'm going to have dinner at my boyfriend's house.
Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.
Plus, what are you planning on doing with the baby while you're trotting out to the garbage ten times a day?
Oh, I can't, honey. I'm gonna go get my eyebrows shaped. I am not happy. Oh... sure you wanna eat that?
Ross and Emily have made their declarations and it gives me great pleasure to declare them husband and wife.
Ahh, is it hot? My body always stays cool, probably 'cause I have so much skin. Hey, cheese!
Mister Pretensous, you think there's no one finer, well but your poems are unpublished, and you work in a diner.
I'm told there are two sides to this story, but all I've heard is that Ben's a bit of a poo-poo head.
...and the style number, and the invoice number, and the shipping date. Good. Any questions so far?
You know, you were right? I mean, I thought we were happy. We weren't happy. But with Mindy, now I'm happy. Spit.
That's great. I worry about little Ross. He's always reading, he's collecting rocks and he's obsessed with dinosaurs.
Honestly! Ross, this isn't just some girl you picked up in a bar and humped. A child should have a family.
Yeah. I felt a little weird about it. You're a teacher. I'm a student. But would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
That's what real actors do! Annunciation is the mark of a good actor! And when you enunciate, you spit!
Well, maybe I'll bring it out and have Monica stick her finger in it. That oughta sweeten it up, huh?
Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.
Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!
We might still have some money, if your father didn't think it was a good idea to sell ice over the Internet.
Monica and Rachel's apartment. Err yeh, aayah, yeh, just one second... ..ah, Rachel, it's your dad.
I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy. So, did you see who won the game?
Well, look - it's not my fault if you're too uptight to appreciate the male form in all it's glory.
I think I brought back half of the beach in my hair. It was so much easier when I used to shave my head.
Oh, actually I barely knew him. Yeah, I came because I heard Chandler's news. D'you know if he's seeing anyone?
Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
Wow. Well being a huge Knicks fan myself, I think you should take someone who's a huge Knicks fan.
What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.
Could you leave a note? 'Cause I'm on a lot of pain killers now, and I don't know if I'll remember this tomorrow.
Oh my God. He just gave you the coldest look I have ever seen. It's like he hates you. Then it is true.
Maybe, before the game we could enjoy some eight year old some small batch Basel Hadens.
Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me.
Alright, alright, alright. Remember what we talked about. When we're in a public place, there are certain rules.
Uh, actually, actually, I'm having a party at my place on Saturday, it's sort of a house warming kind of thing.
Comin' out. Place your bet. Dice are out. Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!
So, you know what, I really like those jackets with the shoulder pads on them. Where do you think those would be?
Good job, little buddy. That was some really good French. But I think we're gonna go with someone else for the part.
Apparently your brain transplant was not entirely successful. It seems your body is rejecting Jessica's brain.
Over here Jack. OK. I see, Rachel's coming up the path. Oh doesn't she look pretty. Jack, get this.
And, by the way, I really enjoyed your paper on the connection between geographic isolation and rapid mutagenesis.
So how are you? I've been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I've been rather busy.
I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
Not as impressive as you. I gotta tell you, I looked at your record and you've done some pretty weird stuff.
Oh really? Well, then you'd better tell his other wife, 'cause she called three times asking where he is.
And this is Duncan and Erin, they're gonna help us out with the audition. So uh, let's get the camera rolling.
Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.. ...which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.
Oh, err... no, she's not here yet. You know, I think I'm just gonna take off and break up with her over the phone...
You Speak Dutch? Zeer Vereerd Een Vriend Van Mijn Moeder Te Ontmoeten.
Oh, it's good news. No, it's definitely good news. Hold on a second, I have another call. Hey, how's it going?
No, no, I am, but only because for the last hour and a half I've been playing the movie Diner in my head.
Ok, fine, these rats are our responsibility. What happens when they mate and there are hundreds of them?
Anyway, I'm gonna go and get some rest. I'm really glad I picked you guys. You're gonna make great parents. Even Chandler.
No, no, no. We were there last night. She kept... ..bringing swordfish. are you gonna go to the, um?
Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
Stop!! Stop it! You must stop! You are bad actors! This is a terrible play! I'll see you in the morning.
What? You... You... Oh! Can I ask you a personal question? Ho-how do you shave your beard so close?
That's right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you're not a real doctor! And that woman's brain, is fine!
Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
No. No! You're doing great! Don't you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Hey! He has a name, it's Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. We did the hat right?
So, I have to go shopping today, which is my least favourite thing, I'm soo bad at picking out clothes!
Yeah? You found them!! Y'know what? I'm not even going to gloat. I'm just really relived this whole thing is over.
Julie's cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that's about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it myself.
That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes next, I mean aren't you worried about the results?
All right, let's start with some basics. Can anybody tell me what the difference between upstage and downstage is?
So based on your petition you are seeking an annulment on the grounds that Mr. Geller is mentally unstable.
Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad...
Alright Mr. Geller! Right this way! So, how dark do you wanna be? We have one, two or three.
I don't know. He said he did all this stuff and then I said I did it too and he got so excited, it was really fun.
Look, I've just pressed a button, triggering a silent alarm. Any minute now, the police will be here!
I just came by to give you a kiss, I have to go pick up the baby, so. I'll see you later sweetheart, you too Chandler.
Oh, the woman upstairs is very nice. She and her husband have two kids, he's on Wall Street and she...
...so I've been slowly phasing out the wine importing and focusing more on the cheese side of things.
Yeah, it's-it's my only weird thing, I swear. And I-I-I would've told you about it, but I didn't know they would be here.
Yes, that's very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.
I know the process is frustrating, but it's so worth it. Adopting Owen was the best thing that ever happened to us.
Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
Everything is broken down into categories, and then cross-referenced, and then colour-coded to correspond with the forms in the back.
Oh, I hate you, I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So? Who?
I'm not very fond of New York. Queens I like. Ooh, what is this sparkle something! Honey! Huh?
Joey, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.
What's green and says "hey, I'm a frog"? A talking frog! Oh, no, you can't have him, he's too funny.
Oh, some, that's fine. Some is fine. Some is not a lot. So, it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?
Oh well, um, your, your laundry just smelled so good, that I thought I'd curl up in it. Is that all right?
Yeah - not such a problem with rats. No, they're more of a "love the one you're with" kind of animals.
Hey! You made it. Great! Chappy! Hi! Hi! Mom, I know getting married in the street isn't something you approve of...
Last time I saw you, it was the morning I left for college. And you were just standing outside The Dairy Queen.
All right Joey, I will help you. Not because I-I owe it to this stupid show, but because I owe it to Jessica.
Oh no, not you, big Joey. Oh my God, you're so much cuter than your pictures! I-I'm, I'm Ronni....Cheese Nip?
Oh, you'd be getting a really good one. I mean, you know, he's really funny. Like, the other day he made up this joke.
Well, it should be. I'm gonna help babies learn how to accessorize, what colors to wear, what clothes are slimming...
Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.
Okay, here are the tips for this morning. Jen gets 50, 50 for me, and Joey owes eight dollars.
Good runnin' into you at the bank today, so ah, here's my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.
Well, let's just say if I left 15 years ago, the landscape of Mexican cinema would be very different today!
See, I told you I needed someone! Oh, you know, by the way, as a "thank you", I would really love to take you out.
Hey, y'know, Alice is gonna be here so soon, you couldn't just like do me a favor and like, like hold them in?
Oh. Well, so we have to hide our relationship from one more person. Big deal. Besides, it's kinda fun hiding.
No, it's okay. We're-we're gonna have three kids! And that's-that's a different kind of dream. Three kids and no money.
Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
So that's two boxes of the Holiday Macaroons. On behalf of the Brown Birds of America, I salute you.
Well, here we sit, devil may care, just a little while ago you were reattaching someone's spinal cord.
I dont know. For the past couple days, people have been avoiding me and giving me these really strange looks.
Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Uh, listen Bing, I received your memo. So, we're not gonna receive the systems report until next Friday?
Well then, uh, I uhh, guess that's me. Anyone else need to go on the elevator? Dr. Horton, Dr. Wong?
Look, youre cold, I have to pee, and... ..theres a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be?
That's right. Mr. Ford is a very good customer, he brings us a lot of clothes; you bring us nothing!
okay, but you have to admit that every time we go out... Women we meet at the hospital... It turns into...
Like I tried to tell you in the interview Ross, this grant is not based on your knowledge of pretty useless trivia.
Oh God... I'll be right there, Bernice. Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay? I'll be, I'll be right back.
Nooo. And there's really no reason he should find out, so ah let's not make a big deal about it, okay?
Alright, it's true. I behaved horribly. But it's only because I still love you. And I would do anything to have you back in my life.
I don't know, what's a koondis with you? Please, lie down! I've got a sav that oughta shrink that right up.
No! That's just the "Hey Guy" guy. He says that to everybody! He's the worst! I'd like to take him with me!
No! I mean you're a really nice guy and I'm happy to be your roommate and your friend, I'm just y'know, I just don't feel that way about you.
Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.
Really?! Well, that's just lovely, isn't it? I must've missed your call, even though I didn't leave the flat all day.
Well... I just talked to Sid, we are definitely putting in an offer on the house... a-a-and I'll bet we get it.
You know, by the way. I heard you tell her not to do anything. Thanks for sticking up for me. You are such a nice person.
Ooh, sorry little Mr. Chic-A-Dee, sorry you went doody in my hand! Well, I guess we're not going out anymore. Whaa!!!
Oh, yeah you loved that glove! You took it every place you went. You never went any place without that glove.
You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!! That's supposed to be a duck right? 'Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.
Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
OK. You better. Oh God, here we go. Hey wanna see 'em go nuts? Watch this. Who needs glasses?
Oh. Well, I wish I could say no, but you can't stay my assistant forever. Neither can you Sophie, but for different reasons.
Yeah, I... Well I really actually wanted to say umm, that, but um, I figured I probably shouldn't because y'know, I...have to leave.
Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies have been.
Oh wow, look at this nice deep hole I've been digging. Hey Bert, isn't this a nice hole here. Hey.
You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
Phoebe writes lots of great songs. Wha... What was that one you sang the other night that everybody just loved?
Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
It's just not really who I am. Y'know, I've always been happier when...Why am I telling you this? You don't care about this stuff.
Jarvis Oberblau, Cornell. I mean, the ideas you put forth and, and from someone... so... young... and... .
Joe, I love Phoebe. She's the single most important thing in my life. I'd die before I let anything happen to her.
Uh, listen um, as long as we're telling stuff, uh, I have another one for you. I'm a little younger than I said.
I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
All the appliances are included. There is a lot of light, a new kitchen... I think you guys would be very happy here...
Well, we've been flirting back and forth, but I was hoping that tonight it would turn into something a little more than that.
That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
Hey Chan, is that Joey guy gonna come by and pick up his moose hat or should I just toss it out?
Just so you know, Dr. Long can't be here today, she was called to the hospital, so Dr. Schiff will be seeing you.
Not so much, no. He had clearly memorized all the stuff to say, and some of it didn't even make any sense.
I just left you a message! Ross and I were gonna go grab a bite, but now that you're here, maybe we can go have that dinner.
Well if you where ever enter the Loire valley let me know, I've got a great little villa you can stay at.
Actually, he is getting closer on the talking thing. He can't quite say mama yet, but once he said yumen.
Uh Joey, didn't your agents give you the revised rules? We've eliminated all of that. No wheel, no cards.
Uh, no. But I could pretend to strip, but that's gonna cost extra. Okay, here's the extras, handcuffs, spanking...
For what it's worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.
Okay. Uhh, I'm gonna go get the clothes from the laundry room now. And, when I come back I'll clean behind the refrigerator.
She's fine. She's experiencing Braxton-Hicks contractions, mild discomfort caused by contractions in the uterine wall.
Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the scoreboard. Someone has a special question to ask.
No, that's not it. So, you're a soap actor? Well this must be pretty exciting for you to be in a real play, hmm?
I'm just saying, I have a cabin in the Adirondacks if you ever want to get away from the city, well, that'd be just nifty!
Mushroom. Smile. They won't all be like this. Some women might even stay through dinner. Sorry, that's not funny
I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Yeah, you know, maybe I ate too much. I keep getting these stomach aches. They come and go like every few minutes.
Ok, you want the dirt? Alby was seriously insecure. I mean, he was really intimidated by the guy I dated before him.
It's all right. It's all right. You don't have to explain. This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.
Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least hug goodbye?
Well, no, maybe-maybe it wasn't perfect, but y'know it was pretty cool, y'know, 'cause we had all those great talks y'know.
And Rachel shouldn't have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
Ohh, I don't think so. I mean it would be different if it was way into the future &#150;and-and-and we were getting married or something.
I said it was typical. Typical of you, Rachel Green, Queen Rachel does whatever she wants in little Rachel land.
Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
I-I've got to go. This has been so great Ray-ray! Oh, there you are. Umm, so listen, just call me. Here's my card.
I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...Apparently I'm not a funny guy.
And finally that you were unable to consummate the marriage. Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
Well, I have to tell you, I was quite impressed with your paper on Pre-Cretaceous fossils. Yeah, it confirmed everything that I have written.
Uh no, I have to go in a few hours. I have to be on the red-eye. Well listen, y'know, next time you're in Minsk umm...
And his opponent, from Hunnington Beach, California! He's a 300 pound street fighter, Tank Abbottttttt!!!!
Word on the street - well, when I say street, I mean those little pretend streets they have here at the zoo.
Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Well, I don't care about the divorces either, but I wouldn't date him. It's just that he's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl.
No, no, no, she's nice but, y'know, it just it made me realize that I'm just not, I'm just not ready to be dating, y'know?
Yeah, but, I don't do that anymore. I got kinda sick of it, and then I couldn't come up with anything good, so they fired me.
So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.
I'm torn, between my integrity and my desire to avoid a beating. But I must be honest, your soup is abysmal.
Oh, they're working on this week, it's a total mess. But uh, I'm staying at my parents' house, we could go there.
I'm sorry, uh... I just wish I could make her forget about Mike already, you know... Why did Phoebe and Mike break up?
Oh! Something smells good over at Monica's station! Oh my God! This is absolutely amazing! You've never made this before?
Just your dad. Although that's actually racquetball. You know I-I do have a blind date with my sister's neighbour next Tuesday.
She's gonna be fine. Okay, she's in a more difficult position so you're gonna have to push even harder now. Go! Push!
Oh okay. But y'know what? Be careful. Because a guy was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.
Pete Becker is circling the ring now. It looks like, he's just trying to feel him out. Oh, Bruiser is just...
I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don't think your son will think it's yours and be horribly traumatised?
no that's just where you were going I just figured that I'd help you out, you don't seem like the kind of guy that does this very a lot.
I ran into Vlad at the place where they sell the big fish, and he said you played here a lot, so umm....
And anyhow, I'm sorry I was so harsh before, but you have to understand that I still look at Lizzie like she's a twelve-year-old girl.
Bing my boy, we're gonna get you over this. Now here's the plan, grab your coat, we're going to a strip club.
Oh great! Well, tell him thanks. And since uh, Joey seems like such a nice guy, maybe we could go on a date sometime?
It's been so long! Last time I saw you, you were setting up your tent in line to see Return of the Jedi.
Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, Oops. I just, I-I-I-I don't, I don't know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Oh yeah! Hey, save the cork and then we can fill the bottle with water and put it back so they don't charge you.
All right, somebody show me where to plug in my box, and we'll get this party started! Whaaaa... Here? All right.
I'm Susie Moss. Fourth grade, glasses, I used to carry around a box of animal crackers like a purse.
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
All right, there was none. Let's talk signing. You be noisy girl number one, you be noisy girl number two.
Anyway, that's when me and my friends started this whole fruit basket business. We call ourselves 'The Three Basketeers.'
Oh look, a standing ovation already! So early in the show. Oh turn around honey; let me see your pretty face.
No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
Yeah, I know. Well... this is probably a stupid question, seeing that you look like that, but do you have some place that you need to be right now?
No, it's a wedding ring. You gotta get rid of it. We're gonna go to the East River right now and throw it in there!
But... I-I-It's nice... A-a-and... nice is good. A-a-and good is not bad, ergo, w-w-we should keep kissing.
Oh Bing, look at those twin sisters dancing together. Let me buy you a lap dance with those girls. Huh?
Certainly. Dr. Geller, which 1965 Shirelles hit was later covered by a popular British invasion band?
Chandler! Come on, I'm gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It's a real space saver.
Car's waiting downstairs, I just wanted to drop off these copies of my book for your friends. Anything you want from Lisbon?
In fact when we were building houses in Uruguay, we were, we were just two towns apart and we never met.
Yeah, I understand. Take as much time as you want. Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it. I'll be here. Not smoking.
Oh, like I'd give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.
Yeah, stupidly charming isn't' it? Well listen let's, you wanna get something to eat? 'Cause this place is kinda depressing.
Oh, this is such a cute picture of Emma. And is this your son... or just some kid whose picture you bring on vacation?
But umm, you're right. I think that a person should know where they come from. Wh-which is why I ah, ahh, okay. I'm your mother.
Well, you, wait no, my Mother didn't want us to be together, but the worst thing she ever did was tie me to the porch.
Absolutely. Okay, first we'll start with a little club soda and salt, and then if that doesn't work we can go back to...
Well I don't know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could...
Actually, they're things you can do. Just some home remedies, but in my experience I've found that some of them are quite effective.
All right girls, and man. Let's see your final tallies. Ohhhh, Debbie, 321 boxes of cookies, Very nice.
I really do understand how hard it's gotta be to leave your child with another person. I mean, it's leaving behind a piece of your heart...
Well uh, I don't have a gift because I wasn't invited until the last minute, but thank you so much for bringing that to everyone's attention.
Well I wouldn't miss it for the world. Oh! I'm getting all misty here! You'd think I was having my legs waxed or something.
Don't do this to me, again. You'd know I'd stay here in a minute, but I'd really miss so much work, they'll fire me.
All rightie, everybody look at me. Good. All right, its time. Bridesmaids and ushers let's see two lines, thank you.
I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
I didn't need to know that. I guess 21 years is a lot. I mean, hell, I'm a whole person who can drink older than you.
Hey uh, I don't mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?
Joey cracks me up! It's like, 'Yeah, why don't you have your ex-wife move in with you? That wouldn't be awkward at all!'
Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Yes! Although, I think we may be seeing a little too much of some people. Aren't you a little old to be wearing a dress like that?
Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
Monica? My God you used to be so. . . I mean you, you, you, you must have lost like. . . You look great.
Oh, please darling, let's be honest. You can have all the... sailor fun you want with that one, but... let's be real...
I'll never remember all of that. So uh, what's the deal? Rachel comes home, people pop out and yell stuff, is that it?
Yeah, I know it sounds crazy, and it's not like me to do something so impulsive, but she's just so perfect, and we have so much in common.
How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
Excuse me. You should check this out, tell the other tenants. Apparently he's running around looking for some kind of a hot girl.
Oh, 'scuse me. So Ross, uh, how's the wife? Off there too, uh? Uh, Chandler, quick, say something funny!
Oh, are you sure? Really? Because you know, you could make little puppets out of them, and you could use them in your theater of cruelty.
Hi. And batting for Sarah, Ross Geller, 872. Although, it looks like you bought an awful lot of cookies yourself.
Okay look, Ross, just so you know that since Lizzie likes you so much, I've decided to accept the fact that you're going out with her.
... and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the hut tub and start making out with each other!
No, I don't mind you touching my belly, but right now your hand is kind of blocking the part where the baby is gonna come out.
Just seeing her brought it all back. All the lies, the way she used me. I just...I got so angry just looking at her......face.
Well, anyhoo, um, we are looking for a couple of chefs who can create some Thanksgiving-themed recipes. You think you might be interested?
Okay, everybody, we'd like to get this in one take, please. Let's roll it.. water's working .. and... action.
Well I actually, I-I really, I haven't seen her for years. But umm, well I-I was pretty tight with-with her and her daughter.
I uh, I've been to his apartment and he wasn't there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
Joey is a great guy, but we're just... so different! I mean, during your speech he kept laughing at homo erectus!
Yeah-yeah, it's this huge place, and-and it's got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?
People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!
It's just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!
Yeah! You're saying, you need to be with someone more mature. Maybe someone with, a license to practice medicine. Or a mustache.
Oh, no, no, no... That's okay. I got a lot of offers from other families. I just picked you guys because... I liked you the best.
Oh it's nothing, it just says that you can't sue the city if you scrap your knee or y'know, get your head blown off.
I mean I love spending time with you, y'know I just-I hope we're moving forward. I mean, we should probably talk about that. Don't you think?
The thing is, I think some of the parents, they were kinda hopin' that you'd play more songs about like, barnyard animals.
Uh, yeah. Now you guys dance over there, you guys over there, and I want you two right around here, and everyone else spread out.
Hey. Oh no it's fine, don't worry about it. Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it's okay. Yeah! I'll talk to you tomorrow. I should uh, probably go.
You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's.... You did you come up with that?
Yeah. But then I changed my mind. I'm funny like that. So I told Lizzie, now I'm telling you, I don't want you seeing my daughter anymore.
Well, I would like to propose a toast to the woman, who in one year from today, become Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber DDS
I know. This has been the best year... THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST YEAR OF MY LIFE!
Yeah, y'know when we found out we were going to have a baby, y'know I figured y'know like I should y'know have like a career-and I love refrigerators!
Knicks fans, please turn your attention to the big screen on the score board. Someone has a special question to ask.
I don't know if Monica told you but this is the first date I've gone on since my divorce so, if I seem a little nervous, I am.
Uh yeah, I can't believe I ever went out with somebody who would actually have an open flame in the middle of a wooden area.
Oh, is it the swearing? I mean is it the constant swearing? Because I gotta tell ya, if it is, you can just... kiss my ass!
We were having lunch. Yeah and then all of the sudden we were like, "Hey! Y'know, we're here, having lunch let's get married!
Well, I don't know what's in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven Easy Bake Ovens in the attic.
Umm, I-I thought we were moving forward and now you're-you're sending me all these mixed signals. What are you trying to tell me?
Oh, she just graduated, and she wants to be something in cooking, or food, or.... I don't know. Anyway, I told her you had a restaurant-
A 98. I deducted 2 points because you are not wearing your chef's hat, and that is a Section 5 violation.
They musta read the sonogram wrong. 'Cause they, 'cause they thought it was a boy, but Chandler's a girl! Chandler's a girl!
Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in a cup! Oh! They gave you the kiddy size .
Our next item is the romantic trip to Paris. It goes to Emil Alexander high a high bid of 2,300.
Oy. Look, I've been through a divorce, trust me you're gonna be fine. You just can't see it now because you haven't had any closure.
Yes. Yeah and thanks for all the wedding night advice. That didn't make me uncomfortable at all! Alright, so I'll see everybody tonight?
Huh, could you imagine. I go away for a few days, and come back, and my boyfriend is living with some woman he got pregnant!
Oh well, give it time. So the divorce, the marriage, we've got a lot to celebrate. How about we all go out to dinner tomorrow night?
Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you realise j-just how lucky you are fella.
I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
Ok, I have to sleep on the west side because I grew up in California and otherwise the ocean would be on the wrong side.
Yeah, they teamed us up as partners. Joey picked three scenes for us to do; all of them had us making out.
All right then, we'll have a definite answer for you on Monday, but I think I can say with some confidence, you'll fit in well here.
...and I know I'll never miss doing it, but I gotta tell you, it's pretty cool knowing that you're making a difference in a kid's life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah... This is so weird. I mean, you never know when it's gonna be your last dance. And I didn't even get a chance to finish it.
All right, I'm leaving! Because I'm not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move. That's you Rachel!
Thank you so much for letting me do this. Public bathrooms freak me out, I can't even pee, let alone doanything else.
Yes, the Philange is fixed. As a matter of fact, we put a whole lot of extra Philanges onboard, just in case.
Eh, okay, the waiters have a little pool going. We have a bet on how long it'll take before you give up and go home.
: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
I still can't believe they're tearing it down. It really is the most lovely building you'll ever see. I mean it's over... Oh my God!
Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that?
Of course, you did. Forgot something else too ya bastard! Well, what about you? You're not feeling left out or anything are ya?
Exactly how contagious is this thing you have? I mean is it a cold for standing on the balcony or did a monkey bite you?
Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
Hi, this is Dick Clark, live in Times Square. We're in a virtual snowstorm of confetti here in Times Square...
Well, you know, there's no one way really, it's just, you know, whatever it takes so that you can finally say to him, "I'm over you."
Oh come on we went, we went to Time Square, we found ninja stars, I almost got arm broken by a hooker...
Although, I have enjoyed the fact that, uh your shirt's been stickin' outta your zipper ever since you came back from the bathroom.
We'll get to the wax in a minute. First I want to tweeze some of the strays, ok? This may sting just a little bit...
I've missed you so much! No, I'm not gonna ask you to get back together because I know we want different things, but just to be with you one more night.
Here's what's gonna happen. The music's gonna start, you're gonna dance, we're gonna tape, you don't look at the camera. Any questions?
That's right! We said your parents flipped a coin, decided to raise you as a girl, but you still had a hint of a penis.
Okay that's fine, I'll walk away. And I'll never bother you again, but only if you tell me Chandler's willing to give you everything I am.
That is a tricky one. Well, Joey I really wanna thank you. You've, well you made a very difficult time for me a little less painful.
I'm fine! I'd fight tonight, if they'd let me. See this circle I'm marking off here? This is my zone of terror.
Oh, yeah! I-I ran into you in the hallway in your building. It was right after I slept with Joey. He dumped me the next day.
So uh well the director is insisting that whoever play that part be authentically, anatomically not Jewish. Do you know what I'm saying?
Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
Yeah, I've been thinking ever since you said we were having triplets, the best thing for me to do is to drop out of college and get a job.
Well, I don't know tonight when they yelled cut and we didn't get to kiss, I was really, really, disappointed, and I just, really wanted to kiss you
See, about a month ago, I wanted to hurt you. More than I've ever wanted to hurt anyone in my life. And I'm an orthodontist.
She said, "If I'm not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
You know, you read about it, you see it in the movies. Even when you practice it at home, man oh man, it is nothing like that.
It's just that... I don't understand it... I mean, Phoebe likes Joey and then she comes here to buy a dress to impress another guy...?
Well, we better get going, it's late. Jack's not allowed to drive at night anymore. He has trouble staying in his lane.
I don't know, could be an hour, could be three, but relax, she's doing great. So, uh, tell me, are you currently involved with anyone?
Your food is fantastic! Wow, I really want to talk to you about your menu, once I get some coffees first. Um, anyone want any?
Oh yeah-yeah-yeah, y'know I did it and I felt a hell of a lot better and if you whip it just right you might hit a seagull in the head.
I'm sorry Chandler, y'know you are such a sweet guy and I, I don't want to hurt you. Oh, I wish there was something I can do to make you feel better.
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Ah, no it's not. I've got picture-in-picture here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. I'm gonna have to call you back later. Monica? You. I'm gonna have to call you back.
Oh no, that's-that's an old card. Umm, I wanted to get out of that and-and do something where I can really help people and-and make a difference.
Ahh, forget it! I'll never be any good at this, my mom was right, I'm just a big potato with arms, and legs, and a head.
Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client. Why don't you tell me what happened.
I mean, I can't-I can't be in the same room as her! It drives me mad just thinking of you being in the same room as her!
If you're planning on doing that throughout the entire flight. Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.
Ugh! I cannot believe you did this too me! You had me doubting how smart I was! You had me doubting my fashion sense!
Oh, I think you're right. Oh, wow. Phoebe, I don't think I can give one of them up. I mean, you know, they drive me crazy, but they're my babies.
Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It's amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?
I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It's the most intense physical competition in the world, it's banned in 49 states!
Ahh, the bat. Ambassador of darkness, flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger, sightless spectre of the macabe.
Well, Adrian's looking for a reason to stay, right? Victor can't just kiss her, he's gotta, gotta really give her a reason, y'know?
So, these are the preliminary forms for an open adoption. There's a lot to go over, but I'll explain everything as we go through it.
We weren't but we had one class together. He was such a great guy and he talked so passionately about science. I always remembered him.
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun. So you're a chef?
Well, ever since we announced the engagement, he's been acting really weird, and then last night, he came home smelling like Chanel.
Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.
Listen, I-I-I don't come to this city much so I don't know if you're crazy or this is some kind of street theater, but could I have my keys.
Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.
Sweethart, but none of that matters if it's too soon for you. It's fine! We don't have to move in together. I just-I want you to be happy
Listen guys, it was great seeing you again. Mon, um, easy on those cookies, okay? Remember, they're just food, they're not love.
Sure you did! You came in, you got all awkward, and you ran into the bedroom. You were shouting, "Joey! Joey!" Bye Rach.
Y'know, I don't think I want the lipstick that much. But umm... Oh, would you do me a favor? And umm, would you, would you give Lilly that, please?
And y'know what I said to him? "I'm gonna hire a lawyer and I'm gonna sue you and take all your money. Then I'm gonna cut you off!"
Oh, he won't sit here. Only the people in the white coats sit over there, and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.
Well! Well! Well! Joey Tribbiani! So you came back huh? They think they can do better but they all come crawling back to Estelle!
Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Ross, it's going to be okay. I'm not going down there to hook up with a bunch of guys. I really like you. I like how things are going between us.
They're always going to tell you they don't need toner, but that's okay because whatever they say, you can find the answer to it here in this script.
Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's not that good-looking, but maybe we'll have some laughs"... That ain't gonna happen.
Joey describe these things associated with the United States congress. Give me 20 seconds on the clock please. Ready? Go!
Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait for your party tonight. Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call? Thanks, bye.
But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
Hey, buddy! Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn't really leave me much choice. Did you?
Oh, no-no, y'know I absolutely adore Rachel it's just that, well it might be a awkward for you. But it's absolutely your decision. More tea?
You've spoiled everything! It's like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Anyway, I schedule performers for the childrens libraries around the city and I was just thinking, have you ever thought about playing your songs for kids?
No, no no no, you don't have to tell me anything. You don't have to explain yourself to me. Ooh, who am I to question the great Dr. Drake Remore?
Okay! We're about an hour away from getting the scene lit. So uh, if you guys don't mind, can we run it a couple of times?
Joey, I am scared to death about this. But I really think I can do it, I'm just gonna need some help. And Bobby's gonna be here the whole time.
Well, I gotta buy a vowel. Because, oh my Gawd! Who, would've thought that someday, Chandler Bing would buy me a drawer.
Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
Well, I mean... It sounds good to me. And that way we can save up, come back in a few years and make an even bigger donation.
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...
Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
I'm sorry I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he's gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.
Didn't you feel so stupid that you didn't see the signs? My fiance was always going away on these long weekends with his tennis partner.
I-I... Oh I...I just wanna say uhm... if you do ever come to Minsk, that's my number We'll uhm... we'll party up Vladnik style.
Y'know, every year I say I'm gonna send out holiday cards and I never do it. Do you wanna, do you wanna send this one out together?
You were talking about me before! Look, I don't need this! I'm outta here! Where's my hat? Look, I've been in this business for a long time!
Listen Chandler, the way I see it is that I was lucky enough to find someone that I really love. I just-I wanna be around her as much as I can.
Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!
Thank god you finally said that, I saw you make a note on your pad three hours ago. Man, I really bug you, don't I?
Oh, Net Usage Statistics, right. Gotcha, gotcha. Wont happen again. I wouldnt want to do anything to hurt your... "wenus."
Oh hey, Ross. Umm, see, I was thinking maybe you two could switch apartments because Phoebe's more our kind of people. Something to think about.
Oh wait! I almost forgot. We have to ask everybody this. Other than Days of Our Lives, what's your favorite soap opera?
Oh no, no, right I shouldn't have said married. Uh, please don't go freaky on me. I didn't mean it. Well, I didn't say it; I take it back!
Joey, I can't stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me. I want him to have his uncle. Is my baby gonna have his Uncle Joey?
Well, I'd be forced to file a report. I'd have to consult with the legal department, and your future at the company would be in jeopardy.
Woah, woah, no wait a minute now. C'mon it's your turn. Oh c'mon. Ya know, I don't need the actual number, just a ballpark.
We are gathered here today to join Joanne Louise Cunningham and Charles, Chachi-Chachi-Chachi, Arcola in the bound of holy matrimony.
I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
Hey, it's not my business, besides it's probably a good thing. We really would have been spoiling the children, all those food, and warm clothing...
Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
There she is. And over there, that's the other one. This is Mr. Buddy Boyle, Mr. Heckles' attorney. He'd like to talk to you.
Rachel, you have life growing inside you. Is there anything in this world more miraculous than-Oh a picture of a dog! Whose is this?
Yeah look, about tomorrow, I... I've got a question for ya. I just found out that one of my groomsmen had had an emergency and can't make it.
Well, it's your mother's bridge night so I thought that I would come into the city for a little Monicuddle. Since when did you start smoking cigars?
Oh, hey. I love children, I have children. I just don't want to be 70 when our kids go off to college, and our lives can finally start.
No I don't have a ring! You go get her Chandler. And can I give you a piece of advice? If you do get her, don't let her go. Trust me.
So, according to your bio, you've done quite a bit of work before Days of Our Lives. Anything you're particularly proud of?
Well, based on what I heard, you two certainly don't qualify for an annulment. If you two don't want to be together you'll have to file for divorce.
Welcome to introduction to cooking. Now, before we start, can anyone tell me the difference between a hollandaise sauce and a bearnaise sauce?
Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
You crossed the line. Joey, describe for Gene these things that have lines. Give me 20 seconds on the clock, please. Ready, go!
Oh yeah-yeah, we should get the... So when Jessica kisses a man, she usually puts umm, both her hands on the man's face.
Ok, given your situation, the options with the greatest chances for success would be surrogacy, or insemination using a sperm donor.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
Well um, I was in ah Mrs. Knight's ah, I mean Alice, sorry, Alice, I always do that. I was in her ah, Home Ec class.
Ooh... Is it because of what might be on the bedspread, because I saw that news report too, with the infra red and the ... I could just...
Look At Her Standing There With Those Yams! My Two Greatest Enemies Ross Rachel Green and complex carbohydrates.
I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Oh, you haven't picked yet. Oh good, 'cause I had an idea. I thought it would be fun if the third groomsman was my family dog. Chappy.
Well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. Otherwise it's just cruel.
Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?
Well, I don't know. I mean, it's conceivable that you wanted to sabotage your marriage so that the sibling would feel less of a failure in the eyes of the parents.
Hey! Okay! Well thanks for coming out to see me. I just-I just thought it would be a very good idea to talk about this baby stuff in person. Y'know...
We're beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....
Last winter I went up on a church lawn and drove right through a manger scene. The papers thought it was a hate crime.
'Cause Rachel told me uh, you were dying to have a threesome with me and uh, Drew Barrymore. By the way, Drew has some groundrules and...
Hi, but I'm not here, you haven't met me. I'll make a much better first impression tomorrow when I don't have 20 hours of cab and plane on me.
Yes, this Russell, Ross's divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven't heard from him, I assume he's decided to give the marriage a try.
So, we're on our way to a couple of parties. Um. . . maybe we can get your numbers and give you guys a call if we find something fun.
Now Gene I must remind you, you need all six of these to stay in the game, all right? Describe for Joey things you find in your refrigerator.
Oh no-no, never say that. If we can't get it out then we can cut around the stain, add a little lace, you make a stylish throw.
You know, I like the way you have efficiently folded this tab under. See in a tape emergency you could shave valuable seconds off your time.
...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
You hear a key in the hole and you jump like a young bronco coming out of a chute for the first time. I used to be arodeo clown.
Y'know I think its great you wanted to meet here. Y'know when most people hear the magazine is paying for it they want to go to a big fancy restaurant.
"Listen, oh... it turns I got the last spot. I'm really sorry man, it was a lot of fun working with you. Give me a call if you want."
No. You have got it completely wrong. John Savage was deerhunter, no legs, John Voit was coming home, couldn't feel his legs.
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, always make me smile. Sticky shoes, sticky shoes, next time I'll.... avoid the..... pillleeeee.
Joey, I'm gonna tell you the same thing I told Al Minser and his pyramid of dogs. Take any job you can get and don't make on the floor.
He's out banging other women over the head with a club, while she sits at home trying to get the mastodon smell out of the carpet!
A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred pictureWow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
Oh! Oh! The usher must be right! What, with all that training they go through! Get out!! Here! Hey man, you want the aisle?
You know, in some cultures having a third nipple is actually a sign of virility. You get the best huts and women dance naked around you.
I just, I want you to know I didn't used to be like this. Before I meet your sister I was like this normal guy who sold beepers and cellular phones.
Monica! Chandler! I'm really-really sorry about tonight. I don't know if Joey told you; I just couldn't get out of going to this play. I'm sorry. Have a great time.
No-no, I heard what you said, funny. I like funny. This team is about hard work, but it's also about having fun. Good to have you aboard Bing!
Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
And if it were true, how dare you come to me ask me for tips about a character that I've been playing for 20 years-I'll give you a tip!
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
And I feel like I've conquered the business world, and I feel like I've conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.
There is a revolutionary new product that guarantees that you'll never have to open up milk cartons again. Meet the Milk Master 2000.
Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
But we really do need to find someone up here. The work is starting to pile up. I've got a stack of documents on my desk this high.
Jeez, thank you really that is so nice. But um, to be honest, I don't think I can wear these, they're so tight, I feel like I'm on display. I'm sorry.
I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
I wasn't checking her out. I'm in fashion, I was looking at her skirt. Or was it pants? I didn't really see what happened below the ass area.
So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
For I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! Hello! And welcome to the show. I see some of our regulars in the audience. And a couple of irregulars.
...we talked through most of the night and we realized that the reason we were so angry at each other was because there are still feelings there. So...
I gotta tell you, I can't believe I'm doing this with you. Although I did just get out of a nine-year relationship, so I guess I should be open and taking some risks.
Ok, all right, well aren't there times when you come home at the end of the day, and you're just like, 'if I see one more cup of coffee'...
Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. And where did you find my badge?
Oh, sure. Yeah, well, he was my high school boyfriend. Captain of the football team, really cute and he got a scholarship and went off to college.
You're absolutely right they are writing me out of the show. They don't know exactly when it's going to happen, but apparently going to be very soon and that's it.
And I'm with you! What a great time to be alive! Look at this plate-bouncy thing. What an inspired solution to man's plate dispensing problems.
Well... I'm just thinking that maybe he's not the right guy to be with right now, maybe I should be with someone... I have more in common with. You know what I mean?
Yeah, when I read about you two, I was pretty sure I wanted you, but I just thought we should meet face to face. . I've made my decision. I choose them.
Hi Rachel. Ohh, I've been meaning to ask you. Have you seen the new Ralph Lauren sheets? Ohh, what am I thinking. Of course you have.
I guess. There was hum... there was another reason that I thought it was time to end it with Joey. I started to realize that I was having feelings for someone else.
And finally, our biggest item of the night, the 22-foot gentleman's day sailer sailboat. The winning bid was a whooping $20,000!
Oh God! Here we go again. Why does this keep happening to me? Is it something I'm putting out there? Is this my fault? Or am I just nuts?
Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open.
You are iron. You are steel! Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?
Besides, I can't leave until their Christmas party downstairs clears out; there are some *pissed off* insurance people looking for that ham.
The three losers. Oh, poor Lily. Ohh, y'know I-I heard about what happened, that must have been just terrible for you, losing your mother that way.
We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
No, seriously. These hands. These miracle, magical, life-giving hands. Oh, just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
I'm sorry Mr. Geller. But ya know, there's an old saying, 'Sometimes monkeys die.' It's not a great saying but it certainly is fitting today.
Y'know I have a torn rotator cuff, a hairline fracture in my right forearm, and a severely bruised Adam's Apple, but that really hurt.
Sweetheart, we love you just as much as Ross! Now, I'm sorry about everything that happened and I'd probably never be able to make it up to you, but here's a start.
No. No. No. Okay, now, see, I wanna name the girl baby Leslie, and Frank wants to name one of the boy babies Frank JR. JR.
I just got a call to be a dancer on a television special for New Year's Eve. It's called some sort of Dick'n Rock'n Dickie Eve.
It's not the pants. It's you that is backwards. And if, and if you don't understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn't get married at all!
Yeah. Ever since you flashed my badge at me, I kinda can't stop thinking about you. You're the prettiest, fake undercover whore I've ever seen.
Yeah, well, anyhoo, here is your check. Thank you for all the trouble you went through. Um, listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Oh, yeah. I love Jennifer Van Murray's work. She's so brilliantly incisive when it comes to deconstructing the psyche of the American middle class.
I'm sorry... I'm sorry, God, I am so sorry, I'm an idiot, I was weak, I couldn't help myself! Whatever I did, I only did because I love you so much!
Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now... Okay, goodbye...
The numbers we are seeing New York, Chicago, and London are consistently solid, but many of our officers have reported disappointing fields.
Hmm, Lipson knows huh? Ahh, hello Mr. Opossum, enigma of the trees, upside-down denizen of the night, taunting gravity with...
Maybe nobody won the jackpot, but there was this guy in here earlier, and he found the ticket on the street, right outside, and won $10,000 .
What?! I can't believe you're trying to stifle me! When just 14 hours ago we figured out that that is exactly what my mother was trying to do to me!
Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
Y'know, I'm actually glad Phoebe called. I know we broke up because you thought I wasn't mature enough, but I've really grown up and think we should get back together.
Oh Drake, you are so talented, let me see those hands. Oh these hands, these beautiful hands, oh I could just eat them. . . but I won't.
Alright, Monica dear, I'm gonna hit the road. Now I've left my 10 verbs on the table. And you be sure and send me that finished poem.
What that woman... did. I am not doin that. Its just gonna have to stay in, thats all, everything will be the same, itll just stay in.
That he wouldn't pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter he's actually proud off.
No! It's my fault. I keep trying to propose in these stupid ways and all I wanna do is tell you that I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Honey, you are not an oat. I, I mean I don't know, I, I guess I'm just not an oat guy. I've only slept with women I've been in love with.
I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Um, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's definitely weird not being with Ross, but I guess I'm doing OK. Actually I've got some of his stuff that he, um....
You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don't think of someone else for a change?
We may not have any weapons, but we still have food. In the basement I saw potatoes and some dry pasta, and a few tins of tuna!
Oh! Sid is still in his room. I don't allow porn at home so this is like a vacation for him. So did you do it? Did you make your deposit?
I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?
Monica... Hey Mon, I have a question. Is Leroy the baddest man in the whole damn town or the fattest man in the whole damn town?
No, no, that's just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year! And I'm very sorry, but I don't know where your Father is, and that's the truth.
Right. Are you looking for Jack's parents to discuss the problems he's having with Ben? Yeah. Because I really do think the parents should sit down and have a conversation.
You didn't want me to marry the old guy with the great apartment. Then, I tried to help your daughter to de-emphasize her flaws And suddenly I am the bad guy?
You bitch. You just think you're so perfect. With your new baby and your, your small apartment. Well let me tell you something. Your baby isn't even that cute.
No-no it's not! I don't want to lose you! It's-it's like I was saying to Ursula when I was making love to her and I thought she was you-Yeah it is too weird.
I don't know. A week? Maybe two? The money will turn up! People will always wanna invest in movies! Hey, you're not rich are ya?
I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying thing you can do with your life, is take care of a child.
Uh, Delaware. She's on her way though, so until she gets here, I'm gonna be your coach. But don't worry, she told me all about the la-Mazada stuff.
Well ah, the short version is, I ah pursued her for a couple of months, then I gave her a check for 20,000 dollars, and she was mine.
Uh, Phoebe, uh... you're an amazing woman, and the time we spent apart was, was unbearable. Of course the sanitation strikes in Minsk didn't help!
We are aware of the problem you are referring too. But as far as increasing security, I'm afraid the library is very understaffed. I, I can't help you.
What, you hired the same band I can't use the same speech. Thank you, thank you very much. Anyway, I wish you both a wonderful life together. And Rachel...
Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. Go ahead. This works with any milk carton.
Noo! No! It wasn't like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.
The thing is it's kinda on the Q.T. The actor who has the part doesn't know he might be fired. It's the lead in a series, Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Well you're fingerprints were all over my badge so I just ran it through the computer and this was listed as your last known address so I just checked it out.
I really don't think he does. And y'know what? Maybe you guys could help clue him in. Y'know, tell him I'm-I'm not interested in a serious relationship or something.
F.Y.I.. I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons. Her name is Stephanie... something. She's supposed to be very good.
Let me start over. I just got a call about an audition. I think you can still make it. It's down at the Astor Theatre and you need to have a monologue prepared.
And the advances in collating in the past five years, I mean we just got in an X-5000, y'know. The X-5000 makes the X-50 look like a T-71.
No! That's bluffing. Lesson number one. Let me tell you something... everything you hear at a poker game is pure crap. : Nice earrings.
Well I did. I really did. And you guys, I've got to say, I'm sorry if I was a little weird after the last time we went out. I guess I was just nervous or something.
This is just so exciting. You know, I never worked. I went straight from my father's house to the sorority house to my husband's house. I am just so proud of you.
Chandler, hi! I'm sure you've heard we filled the three positions. We just felt that with your maturity and experience, you wouldn't be happy being someone's assistant.
Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
She's checking the coats. Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands. Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.
Okay. You've got a small, minor infection in that left eye. I want you to take these drops three times a day and you'll be as good as new.
and you don't have to worry about glue sniffing with me. although I do smell the occasional magic marker, yeah ah anyway I just think I can make you happy.
No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
All right, that was Kenneth with his much too literal rendition of "I touch myself". Coming up next we've got Monicasinging "Delta Dawn".
You're right, you're right. This is about your positions. Now, what I saw in the closet is not the optimum position for conceiving a child, although it might feel good.
Well yeah, I'm sorry. I know this is the wrong time and the wrong place but I had to tell ya! I wanna spend my life with you. I wanna marry you. I wanna have kids with you.
Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
No-ho-ho! Yeah. I mean, no-no-no-no-no, don't you worry, I'm sure with your qualifications you won't need to sleep with some guy to get that job. Although, I might need some convincing.
Well umm, another thing our readers always want to know is how our soap stars stay in such great shape. Do you have some kind of fitness regime?
Yeah, but it wasn't much fun dropping it off at the dry cleaners in the skirt. So I need everything down to underwear, so if you're willing, I'm all yours.
Above all, even though your chances of conceiving through natural means aren't great, you never know! So, keep having sex on a regular basis.
Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
I know its frightening, but, big picture. The birth part is just one day, and when its over, were all gonna be parents for the rest of our lives.
I know you botched that operation on purpose. I can't prove it yet, but when I do, you'll be going to jail for murder. I don't care if you are my brother.
Now Chandler dear, just because your father and I are getting a divorce it doesn't mean we don't love you. It just means he would rather sleep with the house-boy than me.
All right, I was 15, it was my best friend, Ruth, and we got drunk on that hard cider, and then suddenly, I don't know, we were, we were making out.
Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?
He's the kind of guy you're friends with, y'know? But he's not the kind of guy you date. He's the kind of guy you'd date because you did. Me, not so much.
Oh she's my girlfriend. That's not just how we do it here. I got to get a break and when we come back we've got Kennethsinging "I touch myself"...I'm not here to judge!
so it was kind of a shock after 25 years of marriage my parents, a perfect couple getting divorced, I kinda took it the hardest cause I was the youngest.
One meal! That's all I'm asking for. Please? We go out, we eat, and if you don't have a good time, I give you ten grand, we call it even.
I feel like I owe you an explanation. I don't ordinarily go around kissing guys at parties. I'm... well, I'm kind of embarrassed. I really hope you don't think less of me.
I realise I don't have any right to start get all parenty on you and everything now, but umm, uhh... Phoebe, would you please look at me and not the puppy, it's very important.
Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.
Oh that's interesting? Because I checked and only one keycard was used to access the copy machine yesterday during lunch and that keycard belonged to you, Rachel.
Rachel, I see you've met Gavin. I must say, when you left us we weren't sure what we were gonna do. But then, Gavin to the rescue. Super Gavin!
It's your favorite sister. Ross and Rachel while looking at each other surprised and shocked: Jill? Woman at door in a sing song voice: Amy.
You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
Well then you can't have any. Bear overboard! I think he's drowning. Hey fellows! Grab on a Sugar-O... save yourself! "Help! I'm drowning! Help!"
Oh I was just thinking. You know what would be incredible? If you guys died. Ross first has a look of 'huh' then changes it to sarcastic happy: Thank you Amy.
I'm not blowing her off, I actually just got off the phone with her, were going out tomorrow night, I mean I hope that's ok with you stranger from the coffee house.
Well, because you'd be giving up a baby, and I-I really don't-I don't know if there's anything I can say that could make you understand the pain of giving up a baby. So, umm,
Now listen, not that you guys could stop me or anything cause you know you'd be dead. I was thinking about changing her name. I'm just not really a big fan of Emily.
Oh, that's Frank Jr. Jr. pulling the tampons out of the lady's purse. And that's Chandler climbing on Chandler, and that's Leslie throwing bagels at him.
Ew, y'know what? One time I saw this guy from behind and he seemed like a totally normal guy and then he turned around and it was Stephan Baldwin!
Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two or you two.
So we talked about the whole presentation yesterday at lunch and he wondered if one person would be enough to get a take on the trip and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!"
Oh honey! This is so exciting! I thought we screwed you up so bad this day would never come. Oh and just think. Soon there'll be lots of little Bings.
Boston is down, Atlanta is down, Houston is down, I could go on and on but instead of boring you I'll go straight to my forty two point plan.
Look at that face! Just like when you were in high school! If I didn't know better I'd say you were a cheerleader in trouble. Come on, let's get some tea.
No, no, no wait! Don't tell me. Let me guess. Joey, Monica, Ross, Rachel and, I'm sorry Phoebe didn't mention you. Chandler, I'm kidding all ready you're my favorite!
All right, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, We've got to do something about our little situation here Joey. So, this is my idea you and me spending some quality time together.
The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don't wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."
Naah, I crapped out, but Mr. 21 over here he cleans up, 300 bucks, check it out he buys me these new shoes, sweet huh?
Okay, I'm going to need a comforter, but did you have a hypoallergenic one because otherwise I get very nasal. Do you have a cat? 'Cause it's already happening. Do you hear that?
You know that thing you put over here with the pin in it? It's time to take the pin out. You'll find someone, I know you will. The right woman is just waiting for you.
I am so stupid. Of course she was lying! She's not a teacher. There's not such a thing as the top secret elementary school for the children of spies.
All-right fine, but I just want to say, I'm not paying for your wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it weren't for us, cheap little man.
I've been thinking about getting rid of it. I was driving it the other day and saw my reflection in a store window. Your mother's right, I do look like an ass.
We've been trying to get pregnant, uh pretty much ever since we got engaged, we thought we'd get a jump on things, y'know no one's getting any younger.
She, now I knew that and...now I'm sweating. Look at me, I'm really sweating-Now I'm saying, "Look at me," I'm getting even sweatier. I think I probably should go.
Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much. Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.
Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Oh well that's what I thought about my first husband, now I'm lucky if my kid gets to spend the weekend with her father and the twins and little Ms. New Boobs.
Bob is great. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. You, you go on three auditions a month and you call yourself an actor, but Bob...
Tell her, David. 'I don't wanna go to Minsk and work with Lifson and Yamaguchi and Flench, on nonononononono. I wanna stay here and make out with my girlfriend!!'
Well you gotta get at it princess! When your mother and I were trying to conceive you, whenever she was ovulating, bam, we did it. That's how I got my bad hip.
Ok listen, you guys have shown a lot of interest in me tonight and I'm flattered and... and quite frankly a little frightened. Can we just talk about something else?
You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out. I didn't do that for the money, I believe in those phones. I almost lost a cousin because of bad wireless service.
Ah Joey. Joey Tribbiani. Listen Joey, I got a problem, I just got a call from my dance captain, he's having a relationship crisis and can't get out of Long Island.
Ooh, that decides it then. I was on the fence. But knowing that you two would be our neighbors? Ah! now we have to get it! Ellen, we're going to talk numbers.
I needed to buy a hammer the other night, and I'm out walkin' around the neighborhood but apparently there are no hardware stores open past midnight in the Village.
Well that's uh, that's a good point. Um ok, well, uh, I guess I got the wrong apartment then. I, I'm, look, I'm, ya know, I'm sorry, I'm terriably sorry.
Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you're gonna get all sensitive about it! I don't want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I'll make you an assistant buyer in this department.
Hey, sorry I'm late. But my, uh, grandfather, he- died about two hours ago. But I-I-I couldn't get a flight out 'til tomorrow, so here I am!
Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed?
Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdale's who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?
These are my night vision goggles. This is the book I pretend to read when I'm watching her in the park. And these are Mad Lips, they're just for fun.
Filing system? Oh-oh! You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders? It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.
That's right. Is it true, that the reason you are here in Tulsa is that you fell asleep in a meeting and took the job without realizing what you were saying yes to?
Well, I got tanked myself last night. Pretty dicey drive home, Tapanzi Bridge never looked smaller. That's okay, you're still my number one guy! Bing!
Didn't do anything? I took a bus all the way from Hoboken. I climbed ... I dunno... like a billion stairs... It's not like I can take them two at a time!
I probably should've just left years ago when the offers were pouring in, but y'know I just got so comfy here! And... Ohh, I turned down some amazing work!
Oh my look at that. Only three weeks to go, now have you picked your nanny yet? Now I don't want you to use your housekeeper 'cause it would just split her focus.
Well, you're not gonna get one! Because in life there are no intermissions, people. Chapter 7: Divorce is a 4 letter word. How could he leave me?!?!
Well you can have the suite if you want. We don't care about where we stay. We're here to celebrate our love together. We don't have to get free stuff. We just want to be together.
Oh Rachel, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to overwhelm you. It's just that, when those gates open, you... Hard to close 'em. But they are closed now. Believe me.
Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way!
Sorry, I wa- I was just saying to my friend that I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I'd ever seen in my- in my life. And then he said that- you said you thought
But Ross, I'm such having a great time! Your sister has just been telling me that you used to dress up like little, old ladies and hold make-believe tea parties.
I remember your first birthday! Ross was jealous of all the attention we were giving you. He pulled on his testicles so hard! We had to take him to the emergency room!
I know! I know! And then you lose your apartment! And then you lose your job! And then your ex-wife gets married so fast! And now the coffee-ahh!! Ross, we need to talk.
No, it's only been six years. I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy. ...Joe. Y'ever been in love?
I met Phoebe today. She was really nice to me eventhough I'm such a loser. And, then when I was walking home I thought about her a lot, it was weird, but kinda cool.
So, the essence of the character is rooted in her confidence. So, when Jessica enters a room for instance, she owns everything and every person in that room. You try.
Oh well thank you. Such a gentleman. Thank you. Ahh, it all looks so nice, so festive, all the balloons... The funniest thing happened to me on the way here. I was...
Yes. Yes it is. I burned the formula and I put your diapers on backwards. I mean, I made up a song to sing you to sleep, but that made you cry even more!
You're about 80 percent effaced, so you're on your way. It still could last a little while longer. If you're anxious there are a few ways to help things along.
I'm sorry. I just haven't seen her for so long! All these feelings are rushing back! I'm starting to realize how much I missed her, and I'm gonna need you to break up with her.
We've got a couple changes in your schedule. Your 4:00 herbal massage has been pushed back to 4:30 and Miss Somerfield canceled her 5:30 shiatsu.
Well, if that were true, I'd dating my Aunt Ruth. And the two times we went out were just plain awkward. Come on, you think she should go out with me, don't you?
Please, I've been crazed all day! I had a meeting with the Dean, and my syllabus for summer school is due and I'm writing the Foreword for a friend's book...
Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him.
Well, it's time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.
You do not need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke.
Well, I think you're better off without him. Oh honey, I know he's your daddy but, but to me he's still the irresponsible creep who knocked up your mom and stole her Gremlin.
It's okay if it bothers you. Really. I mean the only thing I need to know is 'how much it bothers you?' because I don't like wasting my time. Am I wasting my time?
Wait, y'know what, I-I came to you because I thought you'd understand! Oh no!! Y'know, I would storm out of here right now if-if I had some money, or a place to go...
I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is... maybe we should have talked about this before. Us living together, you're not expecting a proposal, right?
Not if we extract tissue from the original host body, synthesize antibodies, and introduce them into your system, which could stop it from rejecting the brain.
Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don't need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
Phoebe, I have spent the last eight months in a steel tube with men, thinking about this moment. I am not gonna let a bunch of itchy spots stand between us.
I don't know... I can make my pecs dance... I can pick up a dollar bill with my butt cheeks... I can go to that special place inside me where I feel no shame.
Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. Did you hear what I said Bing?
Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
um... listen, I couldn't help but overhear... 'cause I was trying to... Listen, let me do this alright? I really wanna help you guys out, and plus Rachel's been so wonderful to me...
You're taking this all wrong. Because, if I didn't leave you that tip, you wouldn't of come down here, we wouldn't be having this argument, and there wouldn't be this ah, heat between us.
No, none at all. You need to be happy with whoever is in your home... Although if you don't mind telling me, what was your problem? Maybe it's something I can work on in the future.
You get to be the baby's father. Everyone knows who you are. Who am I? There's Mother's Day, there's Father's Day, there's no... Lesbian Lover Day.
'Cause you're a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of Cats sing Happy Birthday to me..."
Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. Darling it's the Gellers. Darling, it's the Gellers. She's very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Just for a coupla days. I got a job midtown. I figure I'm better off staying with the kid than hauling my ass back and forth on the ferry. I don't know this one.
Yeah, well, being a failed scientist doesn't pay quite as well as you might think. That's uhm... one seventieth of a karat. And the clarity is uhm... is quite poor.
Oh...my Gawd, I-I understand. I-I am so sorry, I'll go. Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him. Chandler, you call me when this goes in the pooper.
All right, kids. Here's the deal. According to my client's will, he wants to leave all his earthly possessions to "the noisy girls in the apartment above mine".
Wow! Uhh, Rachel uhh, you're a real special lady, but my divorce isn't final yet and, and, and we've been on four days, so I'm thinking "No, but thanks."
It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's right. I have no money, I'm not funny, I live in a studio apartment with two other guys, and I'm pretty sure I'm infertile.
Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time. Just sit and relax. In fact, let me bring you a crab cake appetizer on the house.
Don't you point your pants at me! We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about.
Okay, my next song's called Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say. I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn't Have Left You That Way.
Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you're not really sure what they're talking about?
Oh, I don't mean to be a square, but I'd really appreciate it if you wait and drink your wine after the kids are asleep? Oh uh, thanks for this, I hope I can do the same for you sometime.
You know, actually I'm a little surprised to myself. I mean, Joey is so different from the guys I usually date. I mean, they're all professors, and intellectuals, and paleontologists mostly, you know, very cerebral...
You say you love this man, yet you're about to ruin the happiest day of his life. I'm afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this is a...terrible, terrible plan.
Well I know I was an idiot! And I tried to forget you, I really did! Y'know after we had lunch last year I spent six months in Africa trying to get you out of my head!
Good God Bing I...well I can't say I'm altogether surprised, I saw the way she looked at you, and there was no love there. And the way she looked at me, pure lust.
Oh, it was okay. I went to a movie with my cousin and then out for dinner. We went to this place that had... Ooh... Hoo... ooh... Anyway, they had these really amazing cheeseburgers.
Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
-hard quality. And uh, while Daryl Hannah is beautiful in a conventional way, you are luminous with a kind of a delicate grace. Then, uh, that-that-that's when you started yelling.
All right, all right, there's a few too many people in this room, and there's about to be one more, so anybody who's not an ex-husband or a lesbian life partner, out you go!
No, no. Listen, Ross is too nice to say anything, but this is his apartment, and, and, we gotta have some boundaries, so why don't you go back to your place and give us some privacy?
No-no, it was! She was in Sex Toy Story 2, Lawrence of Alabia, and I got her autograph! The guys at the comic book store aren't gonna believe this!
Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it's like to be eighteen years old?
Okay. All right uh, Alex now when Joey says his line, "Take good care of your Momma son," that's your cue to cry. Got it? All right, let's do this.
It's like you're a cave person. Rachel, you must get a nanny. You don't know how overwhelming this is going to be. I mean when you were a baby I had full time help, I had Mrs. Kay.
Don't get me started. Anyway, umm, since there are three babies and umm, we both got to put our names in, we would be truly honoured if you named the other boy baby.
So I got it in the junior miss department, big diff. Anyway check it out man, it's gonna make a hell of a conversation piece at out next cocktail party, huh pal?
Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.
Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a cab at the airport, and the guy said where to? and I just... gave him your address I... I... I didn't even think about it.
'Cause uh, this is today's Post and uh, these are the listings I found. Brooklyn Heights, two bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, one bedroom. Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn Heights!
Oh, yeah, during the summer, I spend most weekends at my sister's beach house, which you are welcome to use by the way. Although, I should probably tell you, she's a porn star.
Umm, no. Thanks, but I'll give these to Betty. So I read your evaluation of Tag, or to use his full name, Tag Sweetcheeks Jones. Is something going on with you two?
It's weird. I always used to assume, that I would meet someone and fall in love and be happy and all that was just a given. But lately it's like what if it's not. Do you ever have that feeling?
Yeah, he's the handy man. He's gonna be retiring next week and everyone who lives here is kicking in a 100 bucks as a thank you for all the hard work type of thing.
Well, it turns out that Erica didn't pay much attention in Sex Ed class, because the thing she did with that prison guy... it'd be pretty hard to make a baby that way.
Alrighty. Were gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why dont you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummys head.
Flowers, liquor, recarpet first floor. New guest bath, landscaping. I'm paying to remodel this guys house. I'm going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.
I wanted a big wheel. And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on. It was embarrassing; kids made fun of me. That was a pretty tough year.
Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars. And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.
Ooh, then I guess the panty raid last night was totally uncalled for. Ok, I am going to take a shower and today I will be singing Jim Crochee's Leroy Brown.
The wedding! There's going to be a wedding. Young lady, don't you sit there and tell me my first grandchild is going to be a bastard! Rachel Karen Green, tell me there is gonna be a wedding!!
Ok, look! Enough! Alright? I'm stepping in. I'm putting my foot down! As your future husband I'm going to make this decision for us. Now... what do you think we should do?
Well umm, I thought I was going to go back to my apartment but then I just felt I couldn't really be alone tonight. I was wondering if I could maybe stay here with you, just I really feel that I need to be with family.
We had a good time. By the way, I wanted to ask you something. It would really mean a lot to me, if the baby was a boy, that you name him after my father, Jiminy Billy Bob.
Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. What do you mean, Joey who? Joey who?
It looks like one of her eyebrows fell down. Now unless someone convinces her to let me bleach it, Jean-Claude Van Damme is gonna be making out with Gabe Kaplan.
Well I guess on some level I always knew I was straight. I though I was supposed to be something else, you know, I'm an ice dancer, all my friends are gay, I was just tryin' to fit in.
And the vet said it was time. And so from half a world away, while my Mother held the phone to his ear, I said good bye to my dog,. In seven languages.
Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why it's a positive thing that we spent all their money and uhm... accomplished uhm... nothing.
Umm, no. See I already thought she was dead so I kinda made my peace with it. Plus, I'm going to a concert tomorrow. So... I'd invite you, but umm, I only have two tickets left.
Oh, come on, you're way out of my league. Everybody in here knows it. Bet that guy over there's probably saying, "ooh, why she out with him? He must be rich!" Well, I'm not!
O-kay... Henrietta, you didn't get all the points you needed, so that means Gene, you are going to the winners circle to try for ten thousand dollars! And you're gonna be going there with Joey Tribbiani.
Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I've even had my own octagon training ring designed.
Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find.
Every actor at one time or another-opp! Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won't even watch himself.
And in fifth grade I got into a fight. Well, it wasn't really a fight. Richard Darinvel bit me on the nose and, and I feel down. I still have a little scare right here you can see it.
Stay calm?!! How do you expect me to stay calm?! This is unacceptable Rachel! And I wanna know why?!! Is it because that punk Ross won't marry you?! That's it! Is that it?!
So what? I mean if even I can get past that, it shouldn't bother you. And you don't have to like her. You just have to accept the fact that I do. I mean, if you even can't be civil to the woman I love...
Listen. As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing. I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.
Hum, so, I started to say you something earlier, hum... There was another reason I realized it was time to end it with Joey. I kind of realized I... was starting to have feelings... for someone else.
Bing! Read your Computech proposal, a real homerun. Ooh. Barely got ya that time, get over here. Come on. Wham! Good one. That was a good one. Keep at it team.
I just wanted to come by and thank you for not laughing in my face yesterday. And I noticed there aren't any plants in your office so I wanted to bring you your first... There is a plant in your office.
Oh please. Every moment is precious. Y'know? Besides, somebody had to ride in that other taxi with the rest of your luggage, and your friends don't really seem to care too much that you're leaving.
Yeah. My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he'd be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.
'74?! I ordered the '75! That's a magnificent wine! The '74 is sewage! Why would you bring me sewage?! Is that a hard question? Are you an idiot? Is that why you're a waiter?
Say Rachel, I was wondering if you'd like to go to a movie with me sometime. As my lover! Nnnsch, to out there. Maybe you'd just like to ah, get something to eat with me sometime? As my lover.
Because by the time I find it on this thing , the whole place might have exploded. If that happens at another building that I manage, people are gonna start asking questions. Come on! Hurry up.
Ms. Green would like to establish some ground rules before she comes out. She would appreciate it if you don't use the words old or downhill or they still look pretty damn good.
May I have the rings? Emily, place this ring on Ross's finger as a symbol of your bond everlasting. Ross, place this ring in Emily's hand as a symbol of the love that encircles you forever.
Oh, sure, yeah. This is the one of you father in a meadow, and, uh, helping a little boy fly a kite, and here he is at a graduation. . . another graduation. . . another graduation.
You're making a big mistake here. I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
You know, nothing makes God happier than when two people, any two people, come together in love. Friends, family, we're gathered here today to join Carol and Susan in holy matrimony.
Of course I remember our kiss. I think about it all the time. I can still hear the coconuts knockin' together I... I just didn't want to tell you 'cause I didn't think that you'd return my love, and now that you have...
Well, I've been calling you, but it turns out I had your number wrong. And when I finally got the right one from Information, there was no answer. So I thought I'd just come down here, and make sure you were okay.
She's also a scientist, so she's very smart and pretty and... well, it's actually because of you, really, that we're together, I mean, I saw what you had with that Mike guy, and I just said "Boy, I want that".
Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Oh, am I! I just danced with a wonderfully large woman. And three other girls made eyes at me over the buffet. Oh, I'm not saying it's something I wanna pursue, but it's nice to know I have options.
I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
No-no-no, no, it's going to be fine. Because umm, because I teach Home Ec, and uh, I can have 30 kids making baby clothes all year long. Y'know it'll-it'll be like my very own little sweatshop.
No-no it's okay. It's just that ah, I thought we had something pretty special here. And y'know I-I felt like you were someone I could finally open up to, and... That there's so much in me I have to share with you yet.
Hi! Hi sweetheart! This is my husband Sid, I don't think you've met him. Ross, Rachel, this is Sid. I nabbed him a year ago at the dermatologist's office. Thank God for adult acne huh?
Phoebe you're so beautiful. You're so kind, you're so generous. You're so wonderfully weird. Every day with you is an adventure, and I can't believe how lucky I am, and I can't wait to share my life with you forever.
So thanks for the warm welcome. It's good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play. I hope you do too. Now, let's go out there and get 'em! Huh? And remember, there is no 'I' in team.
Here we go people! Boxing Day! The Lucille Lortel Theatre, blah-la-la-la... Ah-ha! Joey Tribianni, gives an uneven performance, but Mr. Tribianni is not the worst thing in this production.
I just had a meeting, I was actually hoping to get transferred up here, but I just found out its not gonna happen. Apparently somebody thinks I'm not eleventh floor material. Say uh, who the hell is this Chandler?
Stop saying you're not talented, you're very talented. It's just with the bird dead and all, there's very little act left. Oh, honey, give me a break, will ya? Oooh, ooh, I'll talk to you later.
Oh, no, honey, I mean, don't worry, I like hanging out with those guys. It's fun for me. They're different than my other friends, they don't start sentences with, 'You know who just died shoveling snow?'
If I had one wish, it would be to build a time machine, go back to when I was 7, when Jimmy Hauser had the chicken pox. I would grab that kid and rub him all over my face.
Listen, we both know you're gonna do it 'cause you're not a jerk. Okay? So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.
From New York City, New York! Appearing in his Ultimate Fighting Championship debut! He's known for his confrontational business style. Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing Pete Beck-errrr!!
Phoebe, I love you. There's no-one else in the world I would ask to marry me... three times. But I wanna take care of you, have babies with you, and grow old with you... Phoebe Buffay, will you marry me?
Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really.
All right, stop! You know, all Phoebe has done tonight is trying to get you to like her. And maybe that hasn't been clear all the time, but she did her best. And yeah... She's a little different than you are...
No, he was this creepy guy from high school who had this huge crush on her since like the ninth grade. Ross with a look of wondering how long this is going to go on on his face: Still me.
Rachel and I had a really big fight, can I come in? I-I mean I know we're not supposed to see each other anymore and I'm okay with that, it's just that I don't know anybody in the city and I really need somebody to talk to about it.
You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. Janice, Janice. You want me. You need me. You can't live without me. And you know it. You just don't know you know it. See ya.
Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or I'll have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
Daryl Hannah was the most beautiful woman that he'd ever seen in his life and I said yeah, I liked her in Splash, a lot, but not so much in- in Wall Street, I thought she had kind of a
I don't think so. Although, they did mention something about two heartbeats. But I thought that was just mine and the baby's. They kept saying both heartbeats are really strong, and I thought well, that's good 'cause I'm having a baby.
Uh, that's definitely a, uh, valid question. And, uh, the answer would be yes. Yes I was. But, see, I wanted it to be this phenomenal kiss that happened at this phenomenal moment, because, well, 'cause it's you.
Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?!
It's probably because not mature enough. Or smart enough. Maybe he doesn't like the way I dress-No that can't be it. It's really gotta be the smart thing. Oh I'm so stupid! I'm just like this incredibly pretty stupid girl!
...has become the penicillin of the twenty-first century. And so today, this hospital is about to take major steps toward leading that revolution. It is truly ironic, on one hand consider the size...
Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I'm calling for Monica Geller. I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she's still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available...
The woman I love... I love you... Which is probably something I shouldn't say for the first time in front of my parents... and Tom and Sue...Who are by the way the most sinfully boring I've ever met in my life...
no, no, then I would get the baby. I mean you know it would be just like a movie. Like at first I wouldn't know what to do with her, then I would rise to the occasion and and then I would get a makeover and then I'd get married.
Now Mr. Kaplan Sr. likes his coffee strong, so your gonna use two bags instead of one, see. Now pay attention, 'cause this part's tricky, see some people use filters just once.
"Hello. Th-this is the pigeon from the balcony calling to apologise" "I sh.. I shouldn't have knocked the tickets out of the pretty lady's hand. It-it was all my fault. Not hers. Bye. Coo."
I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendula and honey cream. It'll dry that rash right up. Plus... It keeps the hands young...
Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...
Well, let me explain how birthday parties usually work. There are presents, and a cake, perhaps a fourth or fifth person. Ok, I ... got you the present to make up for being such a jerk to you earlier.
I don't know, I-I guess I just had you pegged as one of those guys who're always 'me, me, me.' But you... you're a giver. You're like the most generous man I ever met. I mean... you're practically a woman.
You see, that's why I did so bad on this test. I'm having a hard time concentrating. When you're up there and you're teaching and your face gets all serious...you look so good. You wear that tight little turtleneck sweater...
Oh, he's unbelievable. I mean for the first time in three years somebody wants to actually want to talk to me, but do you think he would let me enjoy that, no!! You silly diplomat, why don't you learn some English, Sergei?
It's like I'm lookin' in a mirror. Anyway, they're called "fishtachios". They taste exactly like pistachios, but they're made primarily of reconstituted fish bits. Here, try one. You're not allergic to anything, are you?
This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses a person on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
No, I'm not done. I-I-I just want you to know that I, the reason I didn't look you up was, well I was afraid that you'd react, just well like, the way, the way you're reacting right now, and can't we just, y'know, start from here?
I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Hello. Oh! It's you. Just ah, just one-one sec. I am going to take this call. When I continue, I hope that there will appear on stage this magical thing that in the theatre we call, committing to the moment!
Ohhhh. Relax, take it easy buddy. Tell me twice, you want me to go? Alright, alright, guess I'll be back for my stuff. But if you think for one second I'm leaving you alone with my fish, you're insane Jack!
Oh! Hey well listen, I play a scientist on "Days". And my character has just won the Nobel prize. Joey: Hey Ross, listen, Dirk was wondering about the woman that you brought and if you guys were together, or...
OK, look, this isn't the first time somebody's said something to me about this, but, I don't know... I always made excuses about it, like... uhhh... 'I'm just a social drinker,' or, 'C'mon, it's Flag Day.'
My boyfriend canceled on me. I mean.. I I finally find a real relationship. I mean, someone that I can spend this day with and then his wife comes back into town. I swear, its almost not worth dating married guys.
Uh, Gene, you're gonna have a chance to go to the winner circle in the second half. But right now Henrietta you are going to the winner circle to try your luck for ten thousand dollars, right after this, don't go away.
Can we talk to you for just a y'know... It's just a little thing. Well we think it's absolutely marvelous that you're having this baby out of wedlock, some of our friends are less open-minded. Which is why we've told them all that you're married.
Yeah, that's my job. Alright, look up. . . look down, now open your eyes, now look down. That's right, look into the light. Now look at me. . . OK. Your eyes look good. Those are good eyes.
You know what? When I moved in here I thought: This is gonna be so great. Just us sisters, back together again like when we were kids, except without that stupid Jill... Oh! Who has gotten fat by the way...
Yeah! Welcome, it is Soap Opera week here on Pyramid, let's meet our contestants. First, Gene Lester is a database specialist, he's gonna be playing with "Days of Our Life's" star Joey Tribbiani!
Yeah, you still have feelings for me. And-and to be honest, I-I still have feelings for you. And I wish that we can work it out Ross, but we can't. It's too complicated with you and Rachel and the baby, I-I just... It just wasn't meant to be.
Phoebe, I love you. I mean, I missed you so much these last few months and I thought we were apart for a good reason, but then I suddenly realized that there was no reason good enough to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.
You are falling fast asleep. Deeper. Deeper. Deeper. You are now completely asleep. You don't need to smoke. Cigarettes don't control you. You are a strong, confident woman, who does not need to smoke. A strong, confident woman.
I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that stupid electric car, I'm gonna shoot myself! I mean, don't get me wrong... I'm not against environmental issues per se.... it's just that guy!
Oh, well y'know, I would've called but I lost your phone number and then ah, my Mom locked me out of the house so I couldn't find it. And then, I tried to find a pay phone, and ah, the receiver was cut off. So...
Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? Oh, ah. I should go.
Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
No, no! What I mean is, I hate going back to my apartment now... and partly because I live above a known crack den but... mostly because when I'm there, It's just, I really miss you. So.. do you want to move in together?
...there's gonna be a wedding! That's unacceptable Rachel! What the hell does love have to do with it anyway?! There are more important things in a marriage other than love! ...constantly thinking about things! You have to think about the consequences of your decision.
Apparently Howie's editing now. Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie. Can you believe that?! Y'know I-I-I haven't spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!
Oh please, I memorized those numbers when I was 15. But look at all the cool make-it-on-my-own stuff I got! This is my "Please, hire me" sweater. And these are my, "Don't you want to rent me this apartment?" pants.
Yeah, I hated her. She was horrible to me in high school. But hey, it was a long time ago, I'm in a good place, it might be actually fun to see her again. You got any cakes or cookies or something? No Will no!
No no. Henry's almost two and he's talking and everyting. Here. You know, the other day he told me he liked me better than his other grandpa. Now in all fairness his other grandpa's a drunk but still. . .
I-I was wondering, my niece you see is in from London-well Shropshire really but y'know-well she's about your age I say. Anyway I have tickets for the opera, Die Fledermaus, and I was wondering if you'd like to keep her company this evening?
No, no, you're right. Who am I kidding? I should have hung up that breakaway jockstrap years ago. What am I gonna do? I mean, this has been my life for thirty two years. Taking my clothes off in front of people is all I know.
Joey, this is Al T. Booker, the guy who eats paper. I'm sure you've heard that Estelle passed away. I wanted to let you know there's a memorial for her at the Westside chapel, tomorrow at ten. Hope you can make it.
Oh, well Richard raved about the food at his party, of course you were sleeping with him. Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was very nice, I assume you weren't sleeping with anybody there. Though, at least that would be something.
Oh you don't have to be sorry. I'm...I'm obviously kidding. I'm not in love with you. I'm not in love with her. I don't hear coconuts banging together. Yeah, I don't...picture your face when I make love to my boyfriend. Anyway, I gotta go. Eh...kiss good-bye? No? Okay.
Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. Is that it, is that what it is?
Oh, believe me, I don't want to get hurt either. I'm being smart about this. See these guys? They're the best trainers in the world, and Hoshi here used to be a paid assassin. A house painter! He used to be a house painter.
Not really. You...you're blurry, but you still look like Ursula. You're Blursula. Okay wait. Maybe...If I-if I just don't look at you for a while. See? It...it works. I'm not, I'm not angry at all anymore! This is a great date!
No, I'm not talking about you. It was your fat friends brother with that bad afro, do you remember? Ross starts talking over her 'do you remember' line: Amy. I'm going to save you some time, ok. All me. Monica and Chandler's Apartment.
I can't until I'm the ultimate fighter. I will do it. I'm telling you, the day will come when children will argue over who will win a fight, me or Superman. Now, I'm not saying I could beat Superman, but y'know, kids are stupid.
Her name's Ann, she's a journalist. Ahh, we met on the plane. She asked me if she could finish off my peanuts, I thought she said something else, we had a big laugh. Yeah, I just, I mean I got, I got tired of waiting.
Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it. I've been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don't need this grief. I'm gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother's apartment. Your friends are outta here pal.
We can't find another place. Then we can't have the wedding! I've ordered chicken and salad and-and cake for 150. What should be the most wonderful day of my life is rapidly turning into just Sunday with a spectacular amount of food!
It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers... Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
It's so nice to see you! Both of you! Look at me. Look how young I look! Oh gosh! We have so much to catch up on! But first things first: touch my abs I don't exercise at all! Oh gosh, so Monica, you're married!
And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
We got the proofs back from that photo shoot, you know, the one with the little vegetables. Anyway, they pretty much sucked, so, I blew off the rest of the day, and I went shopping... ... and I got you, I'm looking, I'm looking, I'm looking, I got you...
Phoebe, it's okay that you feel this way. I mean it is soon. And there's a lot of things we don't know about each other, and I just figure that everything I really like. And the things I don't know, I get to learn about at someplace with both our names on the mailbox.
I was, uh, checking out that insurance company's Christmas party on three, oh, it was really beautiful, they have all these decorations and this huge tree and I just, uh... to hell with them, we have to work. -- So I stole ther ham.
Terrific! Well uh, there's one more thing. Uhh, uh it's really important to the director that everything in this movie is authentic. Yeah and so in your love scene with Sarah she talks about how she's never seen a naked man who wasn't Jewish. So...
Uh.. To name a few. You know.. You know.. You've just always been like this. You just have to have everything. And I couldn't have anything. Like in junior high, when you stole Timmy from me. I mean, do you even realize how much that hurt me?
Yeah, it's not like I don't have a sense of humor, huh? Hell, I even enjoy a naughty limerick now and then. But there's a time and a place, huh?! Unless you uh, have a limerick right now? No? Okay, well uh, you've got my fax number.
Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
How can I? Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again, or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you? How can I accept that... I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not to kiss you right now.
'Despair fills the mattress showroom. My kingdom is suddenly without a queen. I'm so depressed I'm going to slash... my prices!! Check it out! Four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set! I'm going medieval on prices!
Damn it! I-I'm sorry. I-I don't mean that. I-I want you to be happy... But only with me. No, uhm... that's not fair. Uh, who cares, leave him!. Oh, I don't mean that. Yes I do... I'm sorry Uhm, I... I think I should probably uhm... go...
This is nice. I pay two hundred dollars for dinner, you put down twenty, and you come out looking like Mr. Big Shot. You really want to be Mr. Big Shot? Here, I'll tell you what, you pay the whole bill, Mr. Big Shot, all right.
So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I'm happy. Great job team! Tomorrow at 8:30. Phil! Nice job. Stevens! Way to go! Joel-burg, you maniac! I love ya! Bing! Good job, couldn't have done it without ya.
Well, I'm so sorry. I thought I was leaving you with the best parents in the world, I didn't even hear about your Mom and Dad til a couple of years ago, and by then you were already grown up. I don't know, you're here, and I would, I would really, I would like to get to know you.
...anyway, his name is Allan and we've been going out for three years. He was my first client when I became a party planner. He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time. Oh well. And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.
Yeah, and they-and they say that our-that our only chance to have a baby is that if they take my sperm, her egg and put it together in a dish and then put it into another girl. So we were wondering if you could be the girl that we could put it into.
It's so great seeing you guys again. I'd like to make a toast. Uh, as a poet once said, "In the sweetness of friendship, let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures for in the due of little things the heart finds it's morning and is refreshed."
Well, I've never told you this but, there were one or two times, back in college, when I'd get really drunk, go to a straight bar and wake up with a woman next to me. But I, I, I told myself it was the liquor and e-everyone experiments in college.
Are... are you kidding? You know, when you don't see someone for a long time, a-a-and you kind of build them up in your head and you start thinking about: Come on, don't be crazy. Nobody is that beautiful, but... well, you are. Well, so, uhm... are you seeing... anyone?
Oh, we go way back. Before Monica made an honest man out of him, Chandler used to be my little love muffin! . So? Are you guys thinking of getting this house too? Ooh! Are we gonna have a bidding war? I'd better warn you, I'm a toughie.
And then my wife and I went on a cruise to the Galapagos. There was a sea food buffet you wouldn't believe. There were clams, and mussels, and oysters, and cracked crab, and snow crab, and king crab. It's a pity I'm allergic to shellfish.
Aw come on Joey, it's easy. Y'know, it's hand, hand, head, head, up, pas de bouree, pas de bouree, big turn here, grand sissone, sissone, sissone, slide back, step, step, step, and jazz hands!
Well, relax. If it makes you feel better, I've attended some of the finest medical schools in Central America. Well then, let's take a look at this skin abnormality of yours. Come on, have a seat. Eeh, huh. As I suspected, it's a koondis!
Yeah, well, it scares me! I mean I not even divorced yet, Chandler. You know, you just invited me over here for pasta, and all of the sudden you're talking about moving in together. And, and I wasn't even that hungry. You know what, it's getting a little late, and I-I should just, um...
Hi! Phoebe, I'm Dr. Harad, I'm going to be delivering your babies. I want you to know, you're gonna be in good hands. I've been doing this for a long time. I'll be back in a minute to do your internal, in the meantime, just relax because everything here looks great. And also, I love Fonzie.
I understand, separation is hard. One time I was about to leave Ross to go to the beauty parlor and he got so upset, he took off all his clothes, tucked his ??? between his legs and cried out: "Mommy, I'm a girl, take me with you."
No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene is a struggle, uhm, it's a race. Also, what you did was horizontal. Don't be afraid to explore the vertical. And don't learn the words. Let the words learn you.
Ooh, Can I have a napkin, please? Could you please hand me a napkin? Would you--Give me this thing all right!! Enough! And you are no longer my friend! We are finished! Nada!! No more! You are a bastard for doing this!! Get away from me!!
Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
...and that was all before 10 o'clock. The caterer rang and said it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned to say there aren't any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome. We're not gonna be...
Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Well Lilly, when you see Lilly would you give her that, that note? Because I wanted to talk to her at the memorial but, well I pictured her getting mad at me the way you got mad at me and I well, I chickened out. So, uh, I wrote her that note, would you give it to her please?
No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
Hello Ross? It's Emily. I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Uh, I-I-I was hoping to run into you here. I didn't know whether I should call or not, y'know I-I was only in town for a few days. And y'know, I didn't want to intrude on your life or-or anything like that, but I-I really wanted to see you and-but I didn't know if you wanted to see me.
Wow! Umm, okay. Umm... I-I-I realize I came on a little strong but, it's only because I think you're so amazing. And uh, I-I just wanna, I just wanna tell you how much I appreciate you giving me an opportunity here because I-you're the most talented chef I've ever worked for. Anyway...
No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
You've got to face the red light. When the red light goes on the spraying is about to start so close your eyes. When the spraying stops, count to five. Pat yourself down to avoid drip marks then turn around so we can get your back. Got it?
...should be playing with the star of "General Hospital" Leslie Charleson. Welcome everybody. Good luck to all of you. Let's play Pyramid. All right? Now... we flipped a coin before the show, Gene, you won the toss, so you're gonna start. Which category would you like?
My best shoes, so good to me. I wear them everyday. Down at the heel, holes in the toes. Don't care what people say. My feet's best friends, pals to the end. With them I'm one hot chicky. Though late one night, not much light, I....
Ross, are you there? Ross, I don't know if you can hear this but... I'm gonna talk anyway, uh, I'm in the States with you sister and your friends and it's all over with Colin. I came here to tell you that, and to tell you-Yes, Joey you can have all the chocolate you want, just take it! Uh, I came here to tell you that I love you.
It can't be any harder than this... I mean, If I had known the last time I saw you would be the last time, I... I would have stopped to memorize your face, the way you move, everything about you. If I had known the last time I kissed you would have been the last time... I never would have stopped.
Let me tell you what I think might be going on. No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
Kate Miller's awkward and mannered portrayal is laughable. Badda-badda-badda. Ah-ha! Here it is! The direction by Marshal Talmant is... Thank you, boys and girls, you've ruined my life. Please, stuff your talentless faces with my Mother's crab cakes! Excuse me!!
I want you to met some friends of mine. This guy is my hero, he comes in with some stuff he wants it blown up 400%, we said we don't do that, and he says you gotta. And y'know what, we did it. And now anytime anybody wants 400, we just say 'let's Ross it!'
Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
If I in any way implied that I wanted to buy your baby...I am sorry. Okay? Last week when I asked you when your due date was uh, I certainly did not mean that I felt that I was due your baby. Yeah, I want to be very clear that I understand that its your baby, and it is not mine to purchase.
Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this awesome person... When I Left, I Said I'll see you soon... And he said to me: Skdandy... That was his name for me... I'll see you every day... right in...
...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy! There's an old Russian expression, uhm... it goes: Schto ya ztez vigul... ui! Roughly translated that means uhm... This thing that I'm looking at: wow!
I still love you. And I know I probably shouldn't even be here telling you this, I mean you're with Chandler a guy I really like, and if you say he's straight I'll believe you! After seeing ya the other night I knew if I didn't tell ya I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Letting you go was the stupidest thing I ever did.
Oh, no-no-no, that's not rude! It's perfectly in keeping with a trip that I've already been run down by one of your wiener carts, and been strip-searched at John F. Kennedy Airport, apparently to you people, I look like someone who's got a balloon full of cocaine stuffed up their bum.
Okay, okay, okay! You. Here, come here, here. You're gonna take this tray, you're gonna stay on this yellow mark. You're gonna move on "action!" You're gonna walk over to the operating table. You're gonna stop on that blue mark, you're gonna put the tray down. Don't walk too fast! But don't doddle.
No no, it, it's fine, believe me. I do it too. I always answer with the 'I'm OK' head bob. 'I'm OK.' 'You sure?' 'Yeah, I'm fine.' Hey listen, I've got to set up the music. I got a new CD changer, of course the divorce only left me with 4 CD's to change.
I wish I could know if you'd heard any of that. I suppose I've either just told you I love you or given my neighbours a good laugh. Mrs. Newman if you're listening, bugger off this in none of your business. I suppose there's not much chance you did heard that, and there's the call waiting so, I should go. Oh well. Hello.
Yeah, he loved stilts. One time I was upstairs, I was stealing cigarettes out of my mom's purse, and uh, all of a sudden I look over and there's my dad's head bobbing past the window. He just had this big smile on his face and he was waving 'cause he was always happiest when he was on his stilts.
Me? I'm fine. Look, honey, in an ideal world, there'd be no her, and your father would look like Sting. And I'll tell you something else. Ever since that poodle-stuffer came along, he's been so ashamed of himself that he's been more attentive, he's been more loving... I mean, it's like every day's our anniversary.
Ross, look, I know I've been giving you a lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm very protective of Lizzie, and partly because well, they just keep coming to me. But I have to admit that after all the wonderful things that Lizzie has told me and the many, many, many stories that Rachel has told me that, well you're not all bad.
Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
Now, I know things've been weird lately, but you're like my oldest friend in the world... Except for maybe Laurie Schaffer, who I don't talk to anywhere, 'cause she's all bitter now that she lost the weight and it turns out she doesn't have a pretty face. ....Okay, I'm just gonna ask you this once, and I want a straight answer.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. Yeah, hi, Lori please. Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? Uh-huuuuh. Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... Then again, I didn't think I'd meet someone like you... and... this may be crazy soon, but... I want you to have this... No, not... that's gum. Ooh, five bucks... I love it when that happens, you know... Think no note's there...
Oh yeah? I work in a cubicle surrounded by people. I've been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one's even looked up from their desk. Hang-hang on. Hey everybody! Uh, I'm gonna kill myself! I'll get back to ya. I got nothing. Wait. Uh, hey Marge! Ehh, nothing. Nothing.
You just don't know how hard it is, Phoebe. There's just so many of them. You know, two I can handle. Two's great. You just hold one in each hand, but what do I do when the third one runs at me with his bike helmet on. I've got no more hands to protect my area! There's three of them, Phoebe, three!
Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Yes. Plus... what you've got that... I don't know what you've got going... this squirmy quality that you bring into the character that I couldn't've even imagined. Wow, hey, here's what we gonna do: come back tomorrow for the final callbacks with the ***, do all of this what you've got going now, but you know what? more, more. Can you do that?
That's alot of information to get in in thirty seconds! Alright Joey, if wanna leave, just leave. Rachel, no you weren't supposed to put beef in the trifle. It did not taste good. Phoebe, I'm sorry, but I think Jacques Cousteau is dead. Monica, why you felt you had to hide the fact that you were in an important relationship is beyond me.
The selection committee has chosen the three of you as our finalists today. The ultimate decision will be based upon the answers you give to the questions I ask here. I'm gonna start with Dr. Li. Dr. Li, you claim the field is too reliant on the Linnaean taxonomic system. How do you propose to correct this problem?
Okay, you know, one of two things is happening here. Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet. Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle. So like which of these two guys do you want to be?
While most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts. Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents. Unfortunately, the sad fact remains that most of these little guys won't live to see the fourth of July. Because of as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
All right, look. I've gotta tell you something. I'm not 17. I only said so that you'd think I was cute and vunerable. I'm actually 30, I have a wife, I have a job, I'm your Congressman. Monica, this is ridiculous, we're great together. We can talk, we make each other laugh, and the sex. Oh, man, okay i have no frame of graft, but I thought that was great.
Honey, relationships are hard. Like with your Mom and me. You know after we graduated college we broke up for a while. It seems her Father, your Grandfather, wanted her to travel around Europe, like he did. Of course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's nickel, because he was also strafing German troop trains at the time. However,
Right. He's not angry at the room either. Try it again, he owns it! He owns the room. It is his. He owns, owns, owns, owns the room! He owns it!! All right, it's a little weird, but it's getting better. Oh well, I'm gonna miss this woman so much. I don't know what I'm going to do! I mean, it's been 20 years of my life.
Actually it's, it's quite, y'know, typical behaviour when you have this kind of dysfunctional group dynamic. Y'know, this kind of co-dependant, emotionally stunted, sitting in your stupid coffee house with your stupid big cups which, I'm sorry, might as well have nipples on them, and you're like all 'Oh, define me! Define me! Love me, I need love!'.
In The Category Of Favorite Returning Male Character The Nominees Are John Wheeler from General Hospital , Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless , Dunkin Harrington from Passions , and Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives . And the Soapie goes to......Gavin Grant from The Young and the Restless!
I don't know one actor worth his salt that didn't say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Let me tell you a story. When I set out to create Moss 865, do you think it just happened overnight? No. There was Moss 1, that burnt down my Dad's garage, there was Moss 2 that would only schedule appointments in January, and 862 others that I learned from, just like I learned from this fight, never to let a guy stand on my neck.
Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? Aww. Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!!
Just relax. Just relax Paul, you're doing great. She likes you. She... Maybe, she likes you. She likes you. Y'know why? Because you're a neat guy. You are the man. You are the man! I still got it. Nice and sexy. You're just a love machine. I'm just a love machine and I won't work for nobody but you! Hey bab-y! Showtime. I'm just a love machine, yeah ba-by!
What a beautiful place. What a great night! I have to tell you, being here with all of you in Event Room C...I feel so lucky. I think of all the good times that have happened here. The birthdays, the proms, the mitzvahs both bar and bat, but none of them will compare with tonight! My God, I don't want to forget this moment! It's like I want to take a mental picture of you all! Click!
Y'know, I just was finally happy y'know. For the first time in my life! After my Dad left me, and then, and then getting arrested for stealing those birds, and then, and then the whole punctured lung thing! I can, it's still really hard to take deep breaths in cold weather, but with Alice all that stuff kinda went away. And now it's, and now it's gone and I don't know why!
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Maybe it's crazy in a perfect world, a world without lab coats and blazers, but you not in a perfect world, you in a museum now. See that scientist in the classes, he and I used to play together all the time in grade school, but now... Peter! Hey, Peter! It's me Rhonda! From PS-129! I shared my puddin' which you man! I gave you my Snack Pack! See, he pretend he don't even here me!
I mean, I know what I'm talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. I really shouldn't have given you the puppy first.
Oh. Well uh, you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm... Listen I don't wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can't stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don't wanna be the cause of that. So, I don't think we can see each other anymore. I'm gonna go to my mom's in Chicago, I'm gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could've be something really amazing, but y'know this is probably for the best. Y'know? I'm gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler.
I'm so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it's like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we're gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Not Sean Penn. Alright, I, I've got a funny one, alright. My last girlfriend Tilly. Ok, we're eating breakfast, right, and I made all these pancakes, there was like 50 pancakes right. And all of the sudden she turns to me, alright, and she says, 'Eddie.' I say, 'yeah,' she says, 'Eddie, I don't want to see you anymore.' And it was literally like she had reached into my chest, ripped out my heart, and smeared it all over my life, ya know. And now there's like this incredible abyss, ya know, and I'm falling and I keep falling and I don't think I'm ever gonna stop. That uh, wasn't such a funny story, was it?
