No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
You know what? I'm gonna finish this later, ok? Let me just grab my coat.
Well we haven't offically asked them yet, but we would want Monica and Chandler.
...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with...
And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.
Chandler, I want you to run a post pattern to the left, okay. And sweetie..
Rachel, only one of us can do it, you have to choose. You and me together again.
Yeah. It would've been good if we had gotten in, but still real fun.
Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
She doesn't know which one of us she wants, me or this Colin guy.
Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat.
No. We should all have dinner. Yes, we'll do it tomorrow night. I'll cook!!
I prefer not to answer that right now, I'm still carrying a little holiday weight.
C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time!
umm. that you had a six year long relationship with a guy named Vicrum.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, what. You took his underwear?
Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Still I could tell. She was into me. Well, why don't you set us up?
I always knew I was havin a baby, I just never realised the baby was having me.
Uhh, yeah. I mean, actually I kinda think that we'll have, we'll have two babies.
Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I?
Yeah, well, this guy at work gave me "Sex for Dummies" as a joke.
Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
Anyway... seriously, uh...just...just talk to the guy, okay? And tell me how it goes.
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
But the good news is, no one in a two-block radius will ever know.
Nah, I don't know if I should. I don't wanna be drunk when I go home alone.
Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to appreciate puppets?
Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn't mind letting you go first.
Phoebe, you can't get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
"... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller".
Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.
Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! Still not yelling!
I'm having... I'm having a baby. I'm having a... Where's the phone? The phone?
Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new......old sheet?
Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.
Ok, ok! I'm gonna go hide! Oh, this is so exciting, my first mourner!
Tell my son that I love him. Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun!
Oh, darnit, we're all out of milk. Hey Chandler, would you fill me up here?
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. I'm okay.
What? A-ohh! Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
Yeah! And! And, it was the easiest 400 bucks I've ever made.
God, that was, that was amazing, that was incredible. You guys, you guys kicked butt.
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. Y'know, Red Ross!
I'd lead with that. Monica: That's it, just sign right on the bra .
Okay, okay, okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Ah, well, it means that I can sell cookies, but I'm not invited to sleep-overs.
Okay, I'll be up in, 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.
Y'know if we ever go to war and you're captured, you're in for a big surprise.
Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar.
Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I'm sorry.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Hey Erica, welcome back to town! Wow, look how big you've gotten.
What? Rach! Come on, that's terrible! They're...uh...they're babies. They're-they're all beautiful.
Okay! Okay! Okay. I'm sorry. Please, please, you were in Western Europe and?
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
So unbelievable. She was supposed to meet me half an hour ago with Emma.
Ah, it's good. It's going good. I mean, we get along great. She's, she's so...
Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? Pheebs? Hello? Phoebe? Phoe-Phoebe! Come on!
You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me?
Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey's special romance magazines in there?
Oh. Oh, that's right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn't.
OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter.
You're drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Anyway. That's when our Mom said we were not to play football ever again.
Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't.
Monica, uh Dad called this morning and ah, Aunt Silvia passed away.
It's old, it's definitely old. Didn't you hear the, the double beep?
Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you're wrecking it.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Through the magic of sight! I was here, putting our child to sleep...
No, I arranged that... Joey: Hey you guys, I'm turning in. Have fun.
Oh my God! Those weren't albino kids, that was computer camp! Rach!
Yeah. So um, I-I heard about this ah, Mark guy that ah, Rachel met today.
She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
Okay the sleeping thing. Very tricky business, but there is something you can do.
SON OF A BITCH! Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word!
So, you're saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers?
Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude.
Ok! See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly Ow!
I'm telling you, this looks exactly like your wedding! Aren't these the same flowers?
Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.
-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care-I-I love Rachel.
That's, that's, that's a big candy bar. I had the most amazing time with you.
Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food.
You know, I might have expected this of you Phoebe, but Ryan, you're a military man.
Right, they are scary. Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
God! I can't believe she saved me for last. Why are they taking so long?
You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine.
Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
I can't believe this. I was just being a good guy. I treated you with respect and understanding.
Oh, I don't know, they seem to have a shared interest in each other's tonsils...
Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Yeah, she never misses these conferences! No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz!
So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears.
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff! Hot stuff?
That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Y'know, it's interesting! Most people think that's made with seawater, when in fact-
A psychic AND a wishbone? Guys! Give someone else a chance!
Mona? What are-hi! What are you doing here? I'm, um, supposed to pick you up!
Oh... Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene.
Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease... BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head! What the hell were you thinking?!!
Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!!
Hello? No she can't come to the phone right now. Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye.
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Well I...I haven't actually told her yet. I don't want to scare her off, y'know?
There's nothing you can say. That was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me.
So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Ah! Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y'know give it a test ride.
It used to be. Now she doesn't really have a face. Smokin' body though.
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done! Ahh!
Soon he'll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
My son? Pretty serious. Oh hey Katie! What uh, what are you doing here?
You don't have a valid driver's license-Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica.
You know what? That is a very good idea. I'm gonna go make a pitcher of Margaritas.
Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
Um, that is because my doctor says that I have a very serious.... nuget.... diffency.
Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
But having a dove place the ring on your finger would've been no problem?
Even if the sidecar had a windscreen so your hair wouldn't get messed up?
Umm say, I-I opened this earlier but let me give you guys some privacy.
Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good for me...
I've gotta go, there's a deer just outside eating fruit from the orchard!
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
Linda Clickclocken. So what uh, what-what table are you at? Oh, uh me too.
I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.
Yeah, most of it it's a place packed with confused angry baseball fans!
And tell them what? The naked guy we stare at all the time isn't moving.
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Y'know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don't we not speak until then.
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.
Sorry! Sorry! Oh, there! Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Well look-look I'm not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
And I'm fine never having heard it... Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?
Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place?
Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York!
No! The guy is mean. I mean really mean. I think you should stay away from him.
I know, I wasn't finished. But don't worry! We're gonna go down the fire escape!!
Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Fine, fine. We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will, yes we will.
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. Don't you hear that?
The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I'll take another question.
I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I'm so sorry for your loss.
Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!
Joshua...guy at that club, dancing and having a good time, the thought of it kinda...y'know.
Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band!
Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Why... I... I don't know. Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?
Yeah well if, if, if Mark said that, than Mark's an idiot.
Uh well umm...we're just not in that place, y'know? But we're very excited about this.
Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
What, he gave you his home number? As in like, to, to his home?
Oh-ho, whoa! Sorry, Tommy. I almost spilled this hot coffee on you.
I like it, and Emily likes it, and that's what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. We're here.
Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising.
Yeah-No-but-but-but-but! We're just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that's not scary right?
I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don't I have to wait a while?
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I'm about to dance with this lady.
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we're gonna have younger looking skin!
No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't...
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
Exactly, it'll be illegal for him to drink at his own bachelor party.
Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
He-he was with me umm, we're playing a little game, y'know? Hide and seek.
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh... is he a good guy?
No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old.
Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants!
You're great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Hi. I'm uh, I'm Ross. I don't, I don't believe we've met. I'm Monica's older brother.
Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
Freaked out? Hey no, I'm not freaked out! I'm indignant! As a consumer!
Hello, Susan. Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Really? I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Hey! Look who's back! It's the birthday girl! How's the birthday girl feeling?
That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around.
Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in the laundry room.
Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?
Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y'know if we...if You're wearing the ring.
That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Here she comes. Don't say a word, okay? Just be cool, don't be...y'know you.
Eh, either way I'll pass. I still can't eat those. What's so funny?!
She is not... She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
Yeah, no, you're right, I know, you're right, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys.
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do you spell Mboscodictiosaur?
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. Now come on!
Come on, you-you can't tell me you actually believe that-that there's a woman inside that cat!
Yeah... I guess. I don'tI don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK?
Great! I'm across the street having sex with her right now. Your story sucks!
Okay, Fonzy gives you two thumbs up, collect two cool points. Yeah.
Yeah! We'd meet, we'd meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
Y'know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it's not absolutely vital that you live with us.
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out.
well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagens I bothered.
The first batch of margaritas was not so great, but the second batch is gooooood.
So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?
I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
I gotta say, I have not had sex a lot of times before, this is the worst ever.
That's right, Ryder. Wynona Ryder for six. Thank you. Yeah, we have the reservations.
Wait, wait, You're mad at me about last night? I was just trying to do the right thing.
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Oh, oh, we did say we'd stop by this little thing Joey's roommate is having.
I mean you're not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe's mom remind anyone of a cat?
Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay?
You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! This is men!!
I'm not freaking out, I'm just saying, if somebody had come to me with the idea andndash;
This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Hey, hey, it's fine. It's totally fine. We've got plenty of margaritas. It's all good.
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice!
I don't think that your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe!
Wasn't it? And you thought it would be awkward with Joey and that you never really liked Rachel.
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin' guy.
Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh...
Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
Hello! Can I get you anything? Huh? Lens cleaner? Your battery okay? Rachel!
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.
Oh Joey, Joey! But still, I mean, it seems like you guys are having a great time together.
My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
No! Come on let's-One more time! One final push! Ready? 1...2...3!
Well, I'm sure they're still somewhere here in the hotel. I'll-I'll help you look for them.
Umm, I don't some Italian guy. Come on, read your own label. See you later.
You know, that Steffi Graf has quite a tush. I'm just saying, it's right there.
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for.
Yeah, why is it staring at me? I think it knows I'm talking about it. Don't-don't you-Wh-Wha-Hey!!
No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.
Come on Chappy, do your business. MAKE! MA-AKE! I did not sign on for this.
I just Bamboozled Chandler! Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
I like this one. It seems to say, "I love you and that's why I have to kill you."
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!
Oh! Man I don't think I've seen you since uh, Lance Davis' graduation party.
Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? What?
Okay, we'll be right in. So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?
Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Hey, y'know while we're on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don't live here anymore.
Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?
Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...Susan: Come in.
Y'know what? Actually I'm kinda glad they're leaving 'cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
This is the single greatest day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!
Rock on! Phoebe : Wow, this is quite a spread! What is all this stuff?
Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together?
Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.
Monica's right. We're talking about getting married here. Okay? She-she can't just rush into this.
Okay. Wow, it's-it's 5:30 in the morning. So, I'd better get cracking on this baby.
...and then, we could've gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar!
Do you have a minute? I'd like to talk to you about something I'm, I'm really uncomfortable talking about.
Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
Um-hmm. I have a condition, apparently, that I require two different sets of focals.
Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I'll guess just...I'll come back.
Oh yeah! So ah, kinda pretty, pretty good. He sounds like a nice, good guy.
What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel...
Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one's not really our fault.
Underwear, a toothbrush, and Van Halen CD. I can use all these things!!
Pheebs, if you don't tell him, soon he's gonna be married, and then you're gonna hate yourself.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
Ok, and then you take the poopie diaper and you put it in the poopie diaper pail.
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it's not funny!
Ah, the heart of every healthy relationship. Honesty, respect, and sex with celebrities.
Oh, guys, this is fun, isn't it? You know? Just the four of us. Just hangin'.
No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in the eyes, and tell her the truth.
What-what are you doing?! Are you-Okay that's not funny! Just stop horsing around!
I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy!
Apparently, Sting's son made fun of the fact that Ben's moms are lesbinims.
Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
No. So, um, let's see your pretty close, huh. Make-up's on, hair's done.
Ooh. What is the name of Chandler's father's Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
It's actually kinda interesting to find out what people are doing... remember Andrea Rich?
I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you'll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready...Set...
Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Well, I do, so let's... So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
OK, what's the longest you've been in the relationship before ha, have, having the sex?
The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
C'mon, you'll make a day of it! You'll rent a boat, pack a lunch...
Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this? Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?
Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Then don't. Stay here. Just don't go so soon to London, just one more day.
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Well, we won't wanna raise kids in the city so we'll probably move to uh, Scarsdale.
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
Yes. Yes. Don't worry. Everything's fine. We'll uh, we'll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
Wha? No no! Ah! All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left.
There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge!
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
...can't, can't a guy send a barbershop quartet to his girlfriend's office anymorrrrre!!
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the feeling he thought I was too sensitive.
Wow! I'm honored! And y'know what I'm gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can't sleep without it.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.
Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
No... No... No. I think I should stay, I think we should both know whats going on.
Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin' around! Like you did last night when I had to pee?
Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
You see this, this is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe you, oh, you are my star.
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich.
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
Look, you can't do this Mon. All right, if you do this, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna.....
No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to
Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
I love you too! I'm, I'm gonna call you right now from the phone booth! You can't hear me.
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears.
But hey, it's not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
It's all working out! Me & Charlie, and you two. You know what we should do?
Because I folded it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there?
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can't? Okay.
Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Hello? Oh no! What happened? Ok ok, where are you? . Ok, I'll be right there.
Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great.
Sweetie, it's be gonna okay, all right. It's a wedding, generally people focus on the bride.
Rachel, ready or not, here comes your knight in shining. . . oh no.
Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good. Well, I'm gonna have a loogie in my coffee tomorrow.
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
Ah, must've been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.
I can't believe you guys are moving in together. That's, that's great! I mean...I'm happy for you guys..
Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the Festival of Lights?
Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
If she is where you are then uh...then my feeling weird about it shouldn't stand in the way.
Well, hey. You're an actor, I say you just suck it up and do it. Or you just do it.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Yes, yes it is. It's uh... Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?!
That's okay, I mean it was just two-week thing anyway, I just didn't want it to end this way, y'know?
No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
Ok, ok. I'm gonna come out to Long Island with you, I mean, you can't be alone right now.
It's no surprise that your winning, 'cause you got to pick first, so you got the better team.
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now?
Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.
Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Well, I don't think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that's just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
No! No, you know what? You , the baby's fine, now squam . Yeah, story walking.
Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn't bring you here so you can ambush her.
Let me see this... Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division.
Mine stole my newspaper! It's like a crime wave!! Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd's Pie!
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay?
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she'd like to go out again.
Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...! Guess what happened at work today...
And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don't know if we're really quite there yet.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Oh well that's great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh? Good bye.
That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Well I checked in the uh, lost and found, I talked to the manager, no-one's turned them.
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don't you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Thanks. Hey, I know where this place is! It used to be an X-rated video... florist.
One more time, "Hey, don't you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
'I am Bea. I drink tea. Won't you dance around with....' Ohhh!
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What... Oh God...everything's ruined! Dad, she's gonna be crushed!
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.
Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh... is he still in love with her?
Maybe. But it wouldn't hurt to have a backup, you know? Uh, Rach-Rach, what were you thinking?
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug.
Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
I know, I know, it's, it's almost... What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Oh, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry sweetie, I was just trying to ah, I'm dialing another number.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
...she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I'm not with Rachel.
No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
Hi! I'm so glad you're here, but it's gonna be a while. I-I wished you'd called first.
Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?
Tell you what, maybe one of these weekends you can borrow the car and I cou. . .
Hey, here's a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll see if she wants to come back.
No, no, no I don't want to know, don't want to know. Ok, you know, I should probably, I should probably just go.
Princess Leia, was wearing this, um, gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
I don't know. Phoebe, if one of us saw Mike with another woman would you want us to tell you?
Oh yeah it's fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
No, I'm sorry. Look I don't think that's what you wanna hear right now but I can't help it. I love marriage.
No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
It was the chair again! Okay? I'm not doing it! It what-look, I don't-y'know what-eh-eh... Hi.
A big idiot. Just you have to realize is, this whole Mark thing is kinda hard for me.
Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
I am the guy who's taking care of our baby while you're out at bars meeting guys!
Finally, factoring the profusion of new species recently discovered: Gigantosaurus, Argentinasaurus...
Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. Okay Rach, that's you. That's the couch.
No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating?
Oh umm, there's also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. What is that?
I may not know any of your flash dances but I'm no slouch on the dance floor.
That's correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound?
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
I know. A double blind date, and we both get stood up. What are the chances?
Hey-hey, it's valid okay? And I'm not the only one who thinks so, Monica agrees with me.
Gandolf the wizard. Hello! Didn't you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Oohh, 23. Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars!
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
No-no, we talked about it. We don't want to know. All we care about is that it's happy and healthy.
Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child!
Oh great! We're going out again Saturday. But I just found she's also seeing some other guy.
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante.
Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Okay. Okay. Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I'm Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Okay. Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That's been one heck of a see-saw hasn't it?
Umm, say you're gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Okay, okay, I'll tell 'em it wasn't Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
All right! Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week?
Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny...
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Yeah, I'm missing out on all this other stuff, too. So, Joey suggested Rachel move in with me.
N-no! Okay? We've been through this! We're not gonna get married just because she's pregnant, okay?
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
Well hey! What's going on? Ooh, cool boat--Oh, no. Hey, did you, did you tell them?
Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other.
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
How about we settle this right now! There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
Yeah, kinda. It's this woman from work. I hope that won't be too weird. Will it, Rach?
This was Carol's favorite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
It's called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
No Chandler, everything! Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth....
You know, I think thats a great idea. It'll be like the pilgrims bringing the Indians syphilis.
Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. .
I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
She said, "Thank you." I said, "I love you." And she said, "Thank you."
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
What? Oh my God! She-she thinks we're engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we're engaged?!
What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even...
Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize?
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know?
Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
No, I'm genuinely sorry the Mark thing didn't work out. Look, Rach, I want only good things for you.
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
Yeah. Look, you don't, you don't talk about like, you know, your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you, you do with her.
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby.
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual.
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh!
It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
You're not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he'd be the stepfather of my child.
I just wanna thank you for being there for me today. And I'm sorry I,I almost broke your hand.
Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night?
Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review, who was the voice of "Underdog"?
I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.
And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you float the idea of a threesome?
Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? So, ahh, where were we?
Wait a minute, I-I believe I'm entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance.
Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins?
I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Listen, I'm ah, I'm sorry I've been so crazy and jealous and, it's just that I like you a lot, so...
Honey. Honey, have you seen my Harmon Kilerbrew bat? Bob doesn't believe I have one.
Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
Y'know what?! It doesn't matter! It doesn't matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
I'm sorry. See that's the good thing about my job. All the dinosaurs on my table are already dead.
Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
That's not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one.
Getting married. Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you've done everything else!
Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my questions have anything to do with Paleontology.
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and-Hey! I'll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it football?
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
Well, I'll-I'll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so...
Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
Look who I found standing outside of the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there.
Lo que sucedio es que no le gusta la tele!
Okay, first of all, I don't play with cheaters, and second of all, you know I had swollen glands!!
Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?
The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
I don't care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she's totally freaked out!
You know, I think that's a good idea-our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet. Bye, y'guys.
Yeah I-I don't-I don't think I'm quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
Yes. Yes, yes I did. But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing.
Come on! Forty-five minutes! Forty-five minutes the man talked about strappy backed dresses.
Okay, we could still make dinner if we skipped the appetisers and asked for our check right away.
Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake.
Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I-Ooh, a quarter!
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
Please, help me! I have a date tonight. It has to go well okay-I'm scared for my health!
Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
Look Rach I-I'm sorry, okay? I...I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined...
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Are you sure she's in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma's glycoma medicine again?
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just, I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
Well, we-we haven't said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people.
Oh sure, come here! Sure you can! Uh, look come here look, it's-it's-it's, it's right there .
Scotch. Alright, I'll be back in 10 seconds with your scotch on the rocks in a glass.
No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
You know, you know, actually it's getting better. It is. It is. Let's not go. Anyone for Thcrabble?
The doctor says it's completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you're sleep deprived.
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I'm gay! I'm gay!" Can I bring her in?
I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
I know I am! ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top?
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. But, uh... look how happy she is.
I'm fine! Hey, I'm great! I'm just.. I'm just proud of us. There's no weirdness, no tension.
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn't realise that had become anything, yet.
Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know, butter him up? Anything he really likes?
Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic circles, uh? I am gonna get laid.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house.
Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
Uh Dad, Emma's in the nursery. I'll take you now. If you want, but I really want to talk to you.
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together.
Well, maybe the crazy fog has lifted and she realises that life without me.... a-sucks.
Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Well, well, they're good. It's been a while since I've seen you like this. You, you clean up good.
O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet.
Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.
So, he's just a nice guy. You really think this Mark doesn't want anything in exchange for helping him?
See? I told you something good would come along. And he seemed really nice. I've met him before?
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one timenot any more. I justI...
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Like 'em, like 'em? Or, I'd like to get store credit for that amount like 'em?
Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I'm afraid I-I had to fail you.
I mean-no, it's just 'cause, it's just 'cause you and I were like a nightmare. No, but there was some good times.
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back, she would take it?
Look let's not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn't even matter!
Well then we'll-we'll see you the day after tomorrow. Mom?! Dad?! What-what...what you guys doing here?!
Alright, that's it. I've had enough of this, alright. Gunther, these guys are trying to take our seat.
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel?
Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away"
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she's more.. y'know, and you're more
Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean, it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one!
Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey.
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that you were able to memorize all this so quickly!
What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be...
Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because I was about to do some serious damage!
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom!
No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. But maybe the time after that!
No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with...
I actually had a topic in mind! I'm, I'm kinda going through a dry spell, sex wise.
A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I'll take a-Mona, uh...I-I'm not sure about the whole uh, card thing.
That's right! That's right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole 'Does it?' part just another glance.
'Cause Carol's a lesbian. And, and I'm not one. And apparently it's not a mix and match situation.
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
well.. its just. its just in that case, then um. Emma would go to my parents.
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
I'm sorry, it must be the pressure of entertaining. I think everyone would feel better if we had some flan.
We were on a break!!! Okay!! We were, we were..., yeah. Where are you? I'll find you.
We are four short of a bush-o . God I feel so alive, I love being in the country!
I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her.
Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we...we gotta be careful. We...we can't let that happen again, y'know?
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you a Merry Christmas!
Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Well, yeah. I can't-I can't stay here all night, and if I go in there she's-she's gonna wanna... do stuff.
Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else.
Okay, y'know what, let's just cut to the chase here. Okay? Heidi, which of my boys do you like?
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing.
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! 'Sup?
I mean, I, I-I admit I-I wasn't quite there. Y'know, I mean the thought of you and that-that Josh guy...
Here we go. Mona umm, I think it's time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. The Lightning Round!
Thank you, thanks. Yeah, I lost it. Y'know, I'm not gonna play anymore, would you, can you finish my set?
You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
please don't cry because of me pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
She's fine. She doesn't know you're gone. And she doesn't have to know, okay? Now come on, we're going home.
Yeah, I need uh... I'm just-I don't know-I don't understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a condom.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ...
Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
... in a very real way we can bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century. Thank you!
Yeah in fact, I'm gonna go call her right now. And I'll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says...
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
Yeah! I know! It was. Oh... the only sad thing is I wasn't around when it happened for the first time.
Thank you. All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college?
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, 'cause if you are...I'd love to show you around sometime.
All right, let's not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out.
OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you've been a little short with me lately. I'm not trying to irritate you.
I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!
Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
No, God! Hey, Rach, you've been an amazing daughter, ok? Right now you just need to get some rest.
I can't believe this, she's our daughter! That you would treat her like some kind of showdog is inexcusable!
Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- come here, Marcel-
Come on out, honey! I'm telling you look good! Tell her she looks good, tell her she looks good.
Y'know what, I don't know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to complain about the rain and ruin my career!
I don't know, God, I... well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's...
What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I'll always remember that summer because that's when I realized that we are related.
No, four minutes ago you had a half hour, we have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
Well, I-I better get to class Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?
Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas party about two years ago.
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must've seen me cruising in the bad boy.
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Well, I'm sorry, but ah, look if you're not working with him anymore, why do you have to still do stuff with him?
Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this genuine pterodactyl egg replica.
Hey, hey, woah, you want some of this, huh? You want a piece of this, huh? I'm standin here, huh.
Look, I'm sure it would be great, but I-I think one of us has to be thinking clearly, so, I'm gonna go!
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? I could call immigration!
Come on, man! Just-just take the sweats off. Okay? Just take 'em off and we'll have some fun.
Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Man, look at all those stars! Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn't it?
Hey, hello! mmwa! I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
What?! The guys against the girls? See, that's ridiculous Monica, because I'm only down by three touchdowns.
Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?!
He won't? He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch?
Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever can't do it. Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
And to love. Ah, love. L-O-V-E, love. L is for life. And what is life without love?
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Uh, Pheebs, while we're hovering around the subject. I just have to say dinosaurs, they-they don't go, rrroof!
Okay, Andr should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. Just easier that way.
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
No, hey-hey, come on, Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
Look. Look, I wasn't going to say anything to you, but... All right, I don't think you should be seeing Tommy anymore.
No, actually I thought about it when, when we were going out. It's how I imagined I uh, I would ask you to marry me.
Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
It's a good thing I didn't do it, because it sounds like it would've been a very expensive wedding. Okay, good night.
Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn't heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler's parents again!
No I left the diapers at the hospital! There's some in the bag but I'll run out and get some more.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Well, we-we said we'd just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
Because she's just going to shoot me down. You guys saw what happened with Gunther. That did not look like fun.
Ok, fine, but I don't want them bonding to much. I don't want her telling Emma she needs a nose job.
One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis... WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've not finished counting!!
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. Or-or not!
I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
Oh, hey hey hey, ho ho ho, hello, guy who doesn't want to know, standing right here!
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Excuse me. Hi, I'm a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?
Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
Look, even if I were gonna tell her, I don't have to do it now. Okay? I'll be seeing her again. We've got time.
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to.
Well, can't you at least stall her a little? I'll-I'll go back to some of the places I went last night.
HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay? I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question.
Huh, what's fish hooking... Thanks man, that would have been really hard to describe. What is that taste?
Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful.
Nah ah! Nah ah! No no no! No ad-libbing and dude, you can't touch the paintings.
Rach, I think I'm gonna wait out here, because my throat is feeling a little scratchy, I don't want to infect him.
Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Oh y'know, I still-I can't believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it's... It's like you and me going out, only weirder!
Okay. You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys until she finds the one she wants and I'm gonna die alone.
OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I'm interested in them.
Okay, well, that... Wow, okay, well, umm...then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you guys are here. I've been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Noo! No, not cuddlily, not me, just her. I'm like you, I need the room. Okay, come here. Okay, you're in bed...
No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS!
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
That's right, sex is off the table. I am never having sex with you again. Dr. Green, are you feeling better?
The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness.
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints.
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship.
Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Respectfully, professor R. Geller. , closes the laptop and joins Charlie on the sofa) Hey!
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Oh, oh. Of course. God, I'm so stupid. You guys are a couple now. I mean, you probably just want to be alone.
You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana?
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself.
Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out.
Hey, whatever it is, I am sure it has happened to me. Y'know, actually once-once I got dumped during sex.
So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend.
Yeah but uh... Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there's something else. Rachel's pregnant.
No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches.
Ahh, sorry, nothing you can do about it. It's one of my ah, rights as the ex-boyfriend. Oop, oh yeah!
That's true, thanks dad. People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
Yeah. Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, y...you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping.
Uh, Rachel, I've been thinking. I don't think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I'm calling it off.
That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. She's just fixing her makeup.
And I can even understand that you couldn't tell Rachel, but why couldn't you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn't.
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees.
: Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
No, Susans gonna be there too. Weve got dads, weve got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Gunther. Hey-hey! Why don't we put them on? Y'know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
Hey, I'm not one to kiss and tell, but I'm also not one to have sex and shut up. We totally did it!
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college.
Well, I tell you what. Why don't we uh, why don't we just stay here? Let's not see a movie, we'll just hang.
Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every day. How can I be okay with this?
Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'm even more sorry that that phone call didn't come before I told you about looking through the window.
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
...and these come in the shapes of your favourite Christmas characters, Santa, Rudolph, and Baby Jesus.
Come on sweetie! You've had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love!
Wow, I haven't seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.
Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond.
But I-I was going to see if y'know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that-I mean that-that was all, Rach.
Well, why don't you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Okay, if you'll excuse me, I-I'm gonna go hang out with some people who don't know the Space Mountain story.
No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I-In fact, I am going to talk to the president of the condom company!
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Guess who's a finalist for a huge research grant! I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.
What?! That-that's all the way cross town, I'm supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
We don't. But I thought it would be nice to get to know him. You know, maybe have a little dinner, drinks, conversation.
No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting?
Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Oh what?! Is she gonna cancel on me again?! How can she do this? Doesn't she know it's our anniversary?
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Hi! Yeah! Tommy's in line for the bathroom and someone just cut in front of him, I think he's gonna snap.
Yeah, it does sound interesting, I mean, to listen to a woman complain for two hours, I don't think it gets bett...
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Oh hey, don't thank me, thank yourself. You're the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
Hey! Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. She wants to say hi. Hold on.
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I'm changing your grade back.
You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OKif you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble.
Uh uh... well, her Internet Company went under and she lost an ear in a boating accident...
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it's time to light the Hanukkah candles!
Alright, we'll just, uh, see when you get here. Bye. Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic.
Joey's asking if you've just ruined the first book he's ever loved that didn't star Jack Nicholson?
Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren't gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
Hi! I'm sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Rain? Hi. Hi, my name is Rain. I have my own kiln, and my dress is made out of wheat.
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
What? Fine? Because I am! Aren't you? Aren't you? Aren't you? You see? Who else is fine?
Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don't think Mom would've hired you if she didn't think you were good at what you do.
Okay, and oh I'm gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all.
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me?
Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it's just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say "When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?"
Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl... Phoebe's totally ruined that for me...
Yeeeeeep... Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad's boat she wouldn't let me help at all.
Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look cute?
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you.
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
I dropped him off at Carol's. Anyway, it turns out that I'm not going to be able to get those tickets though.
Ok!... All right, thanks! Thank you so much, you guys! Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to me that you were here!
Oh, that's right! Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right?
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
Thank you. C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later.
There's my boy! Here's my boy! And here's his Barbi What's ah, what's my boy doing with a Barbi?
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Yeah see? And you are so excited about moving in together before, and you know what? You should be. It's a big deal!
Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma.
I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom.
All right here. Watch me execute the three 'P's of championship play. Power. Precision. and penache.
Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony.
Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets!
Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out. I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn't true?!
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Yeah, he-he's right, he's right. This is your time y'know, yeah, you're young, you're-you're weird, chicks dig that.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good...
Oh, I'm sorry you've been Bamboozled! You're gonna be a terrible mother! I've lost sight of why we're doing this!
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Yeah. Look if-if she's gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn't find a better guy. So...
Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin' people up! And I'm dressed as doody.
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come to my home!
Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Ooh hey, Emma, daddy has some presents for you okay? Okay? I want you to wait right here. Come here sweetie.
I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica's quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
Oh. Yeah. Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler's really strong. Oh my arm is so sore. Oh nurse!
That's right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won. Please don't take her from me.
Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris. Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared.
Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Why no, it's the opposite of weird. It's-it's uh, regular. It's-it's uh, it's mundane. It's actually uh, a little dull.
Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister.
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- -the bus stop... I'm fine.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don't know any of it and I'm the father. I wish I'd be more involved y'know.
Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don't think he-he knew what it was.
I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at...
Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Phoebe, forget it, okay? Newark is - is like an hour away. There's no way we're gonna make it in time.
I am speachless... I mean the fact that you would put my happiness first like that. I mean, you're an incredible friend, you know that?
No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Fine! Y'know what? It doesn't matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom.
...and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should've just lasted just one day, burned for...
This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! Ooh sorry...
Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Oh, nothing, it's just, it's close to Ron. Does he.. Does little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance?
Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister!
Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear, your kid is going to have the time of his life.
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I'd introduce her to my monkey.
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Oh great! That means I'm stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there and you were sittin' right here! Whoa!"
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did, and peed all over the crossword.
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy.
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that's-that's when I really found my sound.
Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor's keeping the office open late for us, but if you hurry...
Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart.
All right then. Rachel Green! Let's play Bamboozled! How do you test the temperature of the baby's bath water?
Hey, y'know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Hey, y'know what and if you're looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2:00 and I picked up all the forms. I'll take care of everything.
Poor baby, you're so tired. Rach, I didn't propose to you, Joey didn't propose to you, and Chandler didn't propose to you.
Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Yeah, which, which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes. All right, come on, I'll just pick something out for you.
I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation...
So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed!
Hey! I did not dump Rachel! Nor are we still together. Can I just... Why don't we just let the machine get that?
All right, y'know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I'm sorry, I'm just gonna have to take it back.
So, what do you want to do tonight? There's a Ukrainian film at the Angelica that's supposed to be very powerful. Interested?
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image, you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... tzz-zzz, mmm.
Eh, her-her uncle already had planned on doing it. And y'know, we-we said our good-byes this morning, so...
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
No, please, please, um, it's for a poor little girl who wants to go to Spacecamp more than anything in the world.
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug? NOT FROM YOU!
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey's apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you,
And; people thinking it's huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. Which we are not!
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties onthe balcony.
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Okay, I have a problem I have to go into work for a few hours, some kids messed up the Homo Sapien display.
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Well uh, I-I'm a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben! And uh...
Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
So when she came in, I got distracted and totally forgot about the camera. It kept rolling and recorded everything.
We live together. You're having our baby. I'm not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don't want something more?
Yeah. Ya know, a boy and a girl. Hopefully the girl will come first so Ben here won't feel too competitive.
No, I can't. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can't leave him. Isn't-you don't think there's any way?
Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? Ok!
Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don't we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet.
Well, they painted over the word 'Sapien' for one thing, then they rearranged the figures, let's just leave it at that.
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? I'm actually asking you!
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm really sorry. Sorry. Sorry! Hey! Hey! I got my s's back! Which we can celebrate later. Celebrate.
Yeah, it's the Ultimate Fighting Combo. Yeah, I saved thirty cents, plus I get to keep the cup. Yay!!
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
Erica, those things aren't free. In fact they have one of the highest mark-ups of any consumer product...
no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering.
Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Listen, I-I need a favor. Umm, I was in the shower, and as I was cleansing myself, I ah, I-I, well I felt something.
That's funny. Yeah. Y'know you're the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him wear.
There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus.
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They're mean and they're stupid and-and I don't want my son learning them!
Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Well you shouldn't be. Believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy who's up against you. I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament!
"A donation has been made in your name to the New York City Ballet." -- How did you know?
It was no big deal. We-we...said that the rumor was...that umm...you had both...male and female reproductive parts.
Uh, huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey.
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Look guys, when I'm with her it's-it's-it's like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y'know?
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It's not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
I think this will be fine. Okay, vanilla milkshake, just a vanilla milkshake, with chicken bits floating in it. Cheers.
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
I don't think you had an open mind about the name Ruth. I mean, come on, little Ruthie Geller, how-how cute is that?
Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe : Hey, check this out! It's totally you!
It's me. Ron. Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might be able to get her to come back.
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who's going to enjoy these bad boys is me.
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
It's from France...In Europe...Western Europe. Y'know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.
No, no, I mean, ya know, I, I read a book and there was a girl named Emily and I thought, I thought that might be good.
Look, you guys, you guys should go. No, I'm, you, you planned this all out, and I don't want to ruin it, so you guys should just go.
Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
How was I supposed to know we'd end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you're right. Yeah I guess I'll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Okay, 'you' can't, or you can't? Okay, that's my finger. That's, that's my knee. Still doing the play. Aaah!
All right so, Chandler, from now on, don't give your boss a chance to get you. Y'know just ah, don't turn your back to him.
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?!
Elizabeth! Okay. Okay. I'm gonna go out this window. I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
Weird? What? What's weird? The only thing weird would be if someone didn't like Mexican food, because I'm making fajitas!!
Yeah, marriage... stinks! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop shaving? Get them married.
Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y'know what I think? It's just she-she's weird. Y'know it's because she's a twin. Twins are weird.
Look, G. I. Joe's in, Barbi's out. And if you guys can't deal with it, that's your 'too bad.'
There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore.
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily.
All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Only when it was damp!! I can't believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y'know what? I'm back in the club!
Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her.
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
I don't know, aheh, your's was the first name that-that popped into my head, I'm I'm sorry. I-I didn't think it would matter.
Hey you know what? You know what? To avoid this little thing in the future, let's just say, you and me, never having sex again.
Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y'know Monica couldn't get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry. Oh, look at you. Look how happy you are for me.
You wanna wander in the hall? Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
Hmmm. Oh, no, no, I just thinking about something funny I heard today. Umm, Mark, Mark saying 'I'll see you Saturday.'
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I'm looking for him?
of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties?
Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonna ask?
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?
Oh right, right. So, are you . . . ah . . . you excited about your, your first night away from Emma?
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
These aren't suede. Charlie: Excuse me, I'm looking for someone. You don't, by any chance, know a Ross Geller?
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. OK, this way is on, so this is. . . off.
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
I'm sorry man. Here's a thought. This is the same ballroom. There's a band. There's gonna be plenty of dressed up people.
... and while there are certainly vast differences between these Mesozoic fossiles and the example of Homo erectus...
Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned around she was gone.
Okay, okay, I'm sorry, it will never happen... Uh-oh! Wait a minute! Wait-wait, now there are a hundred of you and I'm the king.
My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead!
Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ...
Well I'm thinking that Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy, so I say we just all be adult about it and accept her.
Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate.
The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Will the owner of a 1995 Buick LeSabre please see the front desk? Your car is about to be towed.
Oh, but it's a kind game! So we're a little late, you know, the girls will be there, let's stay just for one more goal.
I can't believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger's gonna be living in my room.
I...Reorganized The Fridge. See, Bottom Shelf: Meats And Dairy. And Top Shelf expired products.
No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now?
Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? That-that's a no.
Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10!
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.
Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something..
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really wants to sleep with her.
If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way which uh, which was misleading. Well I'm... Hello.
How great is this? You are already comfortable enough to look through my stuff. Oh, I am sorry Michelle, that'smy roommate, Rachel.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y'know no commitment.
Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal?
Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is neccessarily the right path for you.
Yeah, and it was uhm... it was like a real little person laugh too. It was... it was like uhm... Only... only not creepy.
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt M-O-N-A-Y. I just... I wrote that out phonetically for you.
I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! Hi Rach.
Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Well I have to. Okay? If I don't, they'll take the class away from me. And...I already put it in my family newsletter.
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
Dude. Well done. You know what? If I die, and Rachel dies and Monica dies then you can totally take care of Emma.
That's all right, Rach, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler. Phoebe. Joey, what up?
Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. We will, we will, call you back!
Yeah, but we-we have to be at the Four Seasons for drinks in 15 minutes and then y'know, then The Plaza for dinner.
Look, our table is down in front, okay, my boss is gonna be there, everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I'll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she's having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband's gonna say that stuff. Now, if you'll excuse me...
The sex? Um, I'm having enough trouble with the image of you and Susan together, when you throw in Tanya , yaw...
Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height, dark hair, perhaps doing a puzzle?
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Yeah, she finally stopped crying yesterday, but then she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace, so.
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she'd made.
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Look, I-I know it's not a proposal and I don't know where you are, but with everything that's been going on and with Emma and...I've been feeling.
Please take your time, it's an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now!
No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn't work either, I can't tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
No, but ah, there's coconut in the Hanukkah Menoreoes. I tell you what, I'll put you down for eight boxes, one for each night.
Oh, man. Oh, remember when I stuck that broom in your bike spokes, and you flipped over and hit your head on the curb?
That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything.
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am!
Wait a minute! No! I'm the nice one! I'm the one who danced with the kids all night! How...How small are your feet?!
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I'm already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
Chandler!!! Chandler!!! Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits.
I don't know, but I ah, I have the feeling that my being there will do it. I'll go over and I will borrow something. Juice!! I need juice!!
Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! Yes we're surprised! Who did you leave a message with?
You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious. Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
Yeah, that's okay, I mean if you guys all have to go away for the first weekend I'm alone by myself, y'know then I totally, totally understand.
Eh, 'cause I knew that if I told you, you'd make me go, and I knew you needed someone to be with you tonight. Come on. Come on.
You know what? I know Chandler longer, so I always think of him as my best friend, but now... I may have to rethink some stuff...
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I'm gonna be saying...
Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me kitchen.
Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest... But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
I'm telling you, this guy Rachel is with is crazy! Okay? He viscously screamed at total strangers! I think he's baaad news!
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Emily is...incredible. I mean there-there are no words to describe it, I mean the whole weekend was like a dream. Oh! And you! Rach!
But work comes first! Oh hey, but that's sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?
That's okay. She's still in there enjoying her fake party and uh, it's too late to do any of the things I had planned, so...
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Well I-I-I, that kind of thing requires some serious thought. First, I'll divide my perspective canidates into catergories....
Nothing! There's nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she'd have to uh, move here. She should move here!
Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. That's a pretty necklace.
Yeah, I guess we don't have a choice. Help us! Please help us! We're stuck up on the roof and we can't get down!!!
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love.
Alright, I'm gonna go find them... I just need a... need a before I can... you know. Grandma... grandma... grandma... Okay, I see you later.
Celia, don't worry! Don't scream! He's not going to hurt you! Soothing tones, Celia. Soothing tones! Marcel...
Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this.
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Yay! Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared, or did he cry? Yeah, big surprise, I like proposals!
Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over there!Hey come with me!
Because It's The Highest. Situation No.1 You're with Monica, the wedding is about to start when Monica gets cold feet. Go!
No, it's for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn't a mistake. Ahh, there's-there's limited seating in the hall.
This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
No, no, really, I've got to take the car back anyway, I'm spending all day tomorrow with Ben, It's fine, no guilt I promise.
Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, hah-hah, I just heave it down field.
Tag? Y-You're going? Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
No, no, no, I'm sure you have a great excuse, wh-was it a hair appointment, a mani-pedi or was there a sale at Barney's?
What?! While she's been going through this hell, you've been making money?! You're betting on your friend staying in this misery?!
So, uh, the other night Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies, and I happened to describe a particular Star Wars thing....
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. But who cares?! Because it's all on me! That is, one big drink!
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Except we're not. I mean, we haven't been a couple in like, six years. Oh my god, is that right? Has it been that long?
And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay, here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Look-Okay, I'm just gonna-I'm gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities wing. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.
Aw, how can you say that? I cant even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
Ah... Ah...Get out of here! Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion's views on evolution?
Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
It's ok, because they have to get it out of their system, okay , but you're going to realize, this is the only place, you wanna be.
I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. Ross: Oh my god.
All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy.
Ohh, big smoker. Big big smoker. In fact I'm gonna go ou into the hallway and fire up this bad boy.
Okay, okay, fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yogart, or something..
Y'know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that's half human and half pure evil!
My God, the baby's kicking. That's great. Although I...kinda wish I-I would've been there to feel the kicking for the first time y'know.
You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here.
Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
Oh, well this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know.
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting?
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Y'know what I think it is? I think you've made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn't want to leave.
No! No I can't. I mean Rachel's out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
Oh-oh, okay, okay! If you don't mind I'm gonna the rest of my stuff, and relax, in my favourite shirt. You have a pleasant evening.
...And I read about these women trying to have it all, and I thank God 'Our Little Harmonica' doesn't seem to have that problem.
That's right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film...that Batman film he was in.
And you thought she was going to be in our way! So, why don't you, uh, open the champagne, and I'll be right back. I've got a surprise for you.
Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... Actually, thanks!
Wait a minute, the house was built on radioactive waste, and an ancient Indian burial ground? That would never happen.
Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock's a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and what-what is uh, what's this?
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you 'til you cried? We're probably too old to do that now.
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy.
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I've been married and how I have a son.
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room could destroy you!!
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
I'm just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y'know? I used them as mittens, I didn't want to touch a thing in that last place.
But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster is now thought to be a separate species from Homo erectus...
Maybe this would've happened if I'd been more nurturing, or I'd paid more attention, or I... had a uterus. I can't believe this!
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Well yeah, but she doesn't know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would've turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, "Dude, don't you ever was your face?"
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Yes. I mean, it's what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That's why they call them plans. Hello? I'm fine.
30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins...now! What is Joey's favorite food?
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Yeah! Oh yeah, you'll be fine! It-it'll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y'know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won't.
Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.
You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me I have a date. See? ALL eyes on ME!
Bec-Did you not hear me?! She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They're wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
I know, I know! When I was here for Holidays on Ice I was sitting so far away Michelle Kwan couldn't read my banner!
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad. Plus, how much a month does it cost to feed Joey?
Ooh, well. Ah, I kinda have got a lot on my plate right now, not that I wouldn't love a weekend in the country with a strange man.
I'm sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y'know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Forget it. I-I-Y'know what? I'll just have the conversation. I'll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
Y'know, y'know I'm lookin' and I don't think anyone's home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y'know explain later.
I'm telling you. I'm telling you. That's what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn't say anything to you?
A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
Okay. All right. So let's see, let's play from the trash can, to the lightpost. Right. Two hand touch, we'll kick off.
Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! Okay. You got it?
That's different, okay. That's like, uh 'Who dated a stripper?' or 'Who did it on the back of the Staton Island Ferry?'.
We make a great foursome. We should do more stuff together. Ooh! Let's take a trip. Okay, where do you think we - we can go?
Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard's son, you'd be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Wait uh, listen. I-I, I have to tell you something. Umm, I've been thinking, I'm just gonna come out and say it. Okay? I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now... Marce... you give Rossie the remote...
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Aw, we-we are so... So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y'know hanging out with you. And I mean-I'm having a lot of fun.
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
What? Oh yeah. I'm sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I really-I should have been thinking about you Rach...
well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer and he used to date Oprah.
Save the breakthroughs for therapy, okay. The clock is ticking. We have no time, and we are losing, we are losing to girls.
Wrong! Now you're single. It's actually secret option number three, you meet her at the gate. That way she knows you love her.
Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot. Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
What, that we had a baby? Come on let's give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
Look, you guys I just wanna say, I really, really appreciate you spending this time with me. It's been a pretty hard time right now, so I just wanna say thanks.
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
I'm hurt! I'm actually hurt, that you would think that I would send you any of those things out of any thing other than love. Hurt! Hurt!
We ran into him on the street today and he said he might have a job for her. But I know he just wants to get into her pants.
She's going in. Wait! He's going in! He's going in!! The door's closed! I, I can't see anything but the door closed!!
Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we're face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we're-we're butt to face.
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh... It's batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way!
No! No! I'm not! It's-it's-it's perfect! I mean it's better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it's us together forever, and that's-that's what I want.
Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'm disappointed, but it's not like it's a divorce.
Yeah! They're putting together this panel to talk about these fossils they just found in Peru and The Discovery Channel's gonna film it!
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
Well, I don't know, it's-it's kinda in a place that's not... It's not visually accessible to me, and I was hoping maybe you guys could-could help me out.
Don't sweat it, I've got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I've got this little baby to shine in people's eye--Okay, see you later.
Oh! like what?! Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood".
Rach, come on, I'm not gonna wear any of this! Nothing silver. . Ok? Nothing with hair! And nothing with padlocks on it! .
I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff-
Pheebs, come on, you didn't kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist. It's, it's, it's just ah, a coincidence.
I'm here. How's my little boy? Want Daddy to change your diaper? So, did you have fun with Uncle Joey and Uncle Chandler today?
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants.
You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh?
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that!
Okay, last night after you guys broke up... so sorry to hear about that, by the way... Well, Charlie and I were talking, and..., well...
I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now.
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y'know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
They gave him a lot of medication, ok? He wouldn't even know if you were there. Look, we'll go see him first thing in the morning, ok?
Well I didn't! I didn't propose! Unless uh... Did I? I haven't slept in forty hours and...it does sound like something I would do.
Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so...
Yeah and we'd want to make sure Emma has someone like Monica who is more uh. uh discliplinarin.. someone who can be firm and strict.
I don't know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there's this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Well, I mean it's not all bad. I'm learning to appreciate the uh, smaller things in life. Like the sound of a bird and the color of the sky.
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
No real-, honey, really it's fine, just g-go with Susan. Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea. Okay, okay, bye
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It's Rachel's tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Wow! Wow, You look . . . uh . . . It's just, ah . . . That dress . . . uh . . .
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Pheebs, you're talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it's all for somebody else!
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt....
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?
No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice.
You guys, you know what, you know what, it doesn't matter, because you both have to go get dressed before the big vain in my head pops. So..
Muriel. Wh-why would he call you Muriel? Oh my God! Chandler M Bing? It's not just an M, your middle name is Muriel!!
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone?
Okay. Okay. Y'know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I'd-I'd be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.
No, NO! Look, I need to talk to Joey. I mean, you guys just broke up. Before anything more happens between us, I need to know he's okay with it.
No, its...Its not that. Umm, now what I'm going to say to you, I'm not saying as your friend. Okay? I'm-I'm saying as it as Monica's older brother.
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs...
Ok, well, uh, I can maybe grab a sleeping bag, or... Oh, oh. . No, Rach! I'm sorry, I just don't think this, this, this is a good idea.
Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.
Okay, okay. Enough, enough with the lunging. No! I'm sick of this. Okay. I've had it up to here with you two! Neither you can come to the party!
Shh! Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
I know, me too. It was... You know, it was like one of those things you think is never gonna happen, and then it does, and it's everything you want it to be.
Yeah! I don't know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of...sexy professor vibe?
Right, I'm gonna go talk to Joey. I think this is the right time. He's always in a good mood after the flight attendant says "duty free".
It's been an hour and not one of my classmates has shown up! I tell you, when I actually die some people are gonna get seriously haunted!
Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. Right here.
Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like twice, but I have a really good feeling about her.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don't know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
What? Oh! I gotta tell you, I-I wasn't expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn't expecting to like anyone right now, but she's really terrific.
That only is not funny, it's physically impossible! Ok? Depending on the species I'd have to have a six foot long... It's not funny!!
Oh! Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century.
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
You? You! Want to watch Ben? Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is.
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I...uh, you gotta have something.
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they're going to the theatre together! They're going to dinner! They're going horseback riding!
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
And if you think about it, I mean the reason he memorized all that stuff is because he thought it was important to you. You know, that's the kind of guy Joey is.
I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the voice of Underdog!
Come here. Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I'd take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Apparently, he told Johnny Shapiro that she's quite a girl. In fact, he told Johnny that he thinks he's falling in love with her.
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? But.. we don't have to go down that road.
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so uh...
Ow! Ow! Okay, okay, fine, fine! All right, you wanna win by cheating, go ahead, all right. Phoebe the touchdown does count, you win.
Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe...kinda...wanted ah...start...things up again.
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad.
Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then I'll meet you there.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don't care, because you got the apartment. Yes!
The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your balcony,even though there were NO LIGHTS !
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. DANGER!!!!! Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Yeah, but it didn't fit. Well, luckily there's a store here that has one left in her size, but I'm the groom, I'm not supposed to see the dress...
Item J437-A, color: winterberry. Hi umm, listen come here, come in. I'm so-so sorry about yesterday. I-I'm really sorry. It's just that I...
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
You want me to take some girl I've never met to the opera so you can go to a club and flirt with some guy, hmm, that-that is a toughie.
I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7.
Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. No, Andr is not here. Third time today. Yes, I'm sure... No, sir. I don't perform those kind of services.
Joey, I'm not worried about her! I'm worried about my baby! Whoever she dates my baby dates! Now-now where is this actor taking them?
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Well l-look okay, it's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get laid anytime we want.
No-no-no, no, umm, actually American surprise parties are-are-are very short. It's usually, "Surprise!" And then, "Oh my God, I'm so surprised-good-bye!"
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here.
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys?
I don't know what to say, I'm sorry. Though, you're not supposed to take these. It's like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times.
Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you?
Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rainbow with gremlins dancing on top of it!
you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
Try sixty-five million years ago, and then try sssshhhhhh.... My tenure review board met today and I hear it's looking really good.
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
"There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it.
Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... "Can we walk"? Oh, you... you like that?
Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik? Well, I'm a potato or a...spud. And these are my antennae. So Sputnik, becomes... Spud-nik. Spudnik!
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought-it wasn't that funny. So I'm still torn.
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and...
I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them all on my back.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
Well, so, you-you'll get a job here! I mean, I'm always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Y'know what, 100 million people went to see a movie about what I do, I wonder how many people would go see a movie called, Jurassic Parka.
No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing other people.
No, it's not just that. It's justI want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh...
Hello. Hi sweetie. Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. So will you come to New York?
I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-line skirts. Can I get a blue bow?
Well, I can't say any of us were surprised. Your parents have been unhappy ever since we've known them. Especially after that incident in Hawaii.
Yeah. The bartender said that they split up into two search parties, the herbivores and the carnivores. You know, we as a group are not the coolest.
Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this.
This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free crab cakes, I'll be on my way.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Everyone thinks they know me. Everyone says 'Jack Geller, so predictable'. Maybe after I'm gone, they'll say 'Buried at sea! Huh!'.
Space is filled with orbiting children. Look, please, just come on, you know, when you'll see the look on Emma's face, I swear you won't regret it.
Um . . . ah . . . you know, I'm divorced. Um, Phoebe, ah . . . Phoebe said you . . . You've been divorced?
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Gosh, we talked about that but your brother has so many science trophies and plaques and merit badges, well we didn't want to disturb them.
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Yes let's. Y'know what? Uh, it's-it's not important. What is important is that, is that we're having a baby. And it's not-Doesn't matter who came on to who.
Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special tea, caster oil, spicy food nothing has worked.
Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Am I! Am I! Am I out of my mind! Am I losing my senses!! This dreamy guy is taking my girlfriend out for a meal.
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin' babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! Okay. Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I-What? No! Wh... What are you doing?!! GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. What you're-you're not mad?
Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I'm sure I can make it this time. I just...I just can't be afraid to get a little bit...hit by cars.
Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona's standing right over there. Oh God, she's talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!
Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology convention and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me.
Okay, okay, we'll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie!
No, I'm getting back down 'cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she's like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I'm-I'm sure it would be amazing but I...gotta say I really-really don't think it would be a good idea. Y'know? I really, really...don't.
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence!
Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It's not like I choose to do it! It's not like-It's not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
Rachel, I've seen you naked a million times. I ate hot fudge off you naked. Remember, I-I sucked that mini-marshmallow out of your belly button?
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
Ohh! Okay! Okay. "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into..."
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I'm happy for ya, but I'm tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don't know what to do anymore.
Ok, ok, here we go. Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple. Y'know? Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple. Y'know? You can take it off. Just slice that baby right off!
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here.
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with.
You know what, this is ridiculous, ok. This is your birthday, this is your party. I say we just put 'em all together and if they can't deal with it, who cares.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
I knew it! I knew it! I always knew she liked him! Y'know, she'd say no, but here we are! Right? We just broke up, first thing she does!
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn't even watch it! Anyway, here. I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself.
Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
Oh my God! Of course, of course. Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... Wh-what's going on?
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean's office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
Okay! Okay! Fine, I'll stop! No teaching, okay? We'll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. Okay? Who's official name is Bapstein-King.
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so...
Hey, they're going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y'know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn't you see Personal Best?
oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? Aunt Margaret's pants size?
It's okay if he bumps his head, kids bump their heads all the time, y'know, it was your first time babysitting, I figured you did the best you could.
No, but I wanna be. Hey, I will be. Besides, I'm with Charlie, right? Oh my god, I'm still with Charlie, aren't I? I mean, she didn't see the dance, did she?
No, no I don't want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I'm not mad at you and...and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that.
No, no, she's great and it's not like we haven't done anything. I mean, uh, uh, we, we do plenty of other stuff, lot's of other stuff, like uhh. . .
No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red.
Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
It was ridiculous. Ya know, these guys, they were bullies, actual bullies, ya know. We're grown ups, this kinda stuff isn't supposed to happen anymore.
I was gonna make us some dinner but all I found in your dad's fridge was bacon and heavy cream. I think we solved the mystery of the heart attack.
Yeah, she's got to go back to London. But you know what? I've been prepared for this from the start. We both knew we had two weeks together, and that's it. Y'know.
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Lady, he is people. He has a name, okay? He watches Jeopardy! He he touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please have a heart!
I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay"
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there.
Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll...
I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel's father. Look I...I made a mistake, but it's only because I really, really like you. Really!
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! Or isn't...
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I mean I actuallyI-I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that.
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Well I don't know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want. With your permission.
How 'bout instead you, go get changed! You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica!
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
Oh-oh, you're-you're fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, perhaps Dr. Chester Stock's musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo?
Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer?
Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its like: "Come on in, my butt is surprisingly hairy".
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Well let there-what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I'll sh...I'll shoot you."
Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy"
No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Mona umm...Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she's uh-well she's dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
No Joey! Look why don't, why don't we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we'll each go out with her one more time. And-and we'll see who she likes best.
Well, oh just ah, I was just wondering, when you and I split up, did you get the tape that was half the last episode of M*A*S*H and half the hostages coming home?
Oh, it looks like mom and dad's house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is...Oh my God!!
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I'm having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I'm having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he'll sit with me.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes.
Ok, well, if you do take him out for his walk, you might wanna bring his hat, and there's extra milk in the fridge, and there's extra diapers in the bag.
Aw, y'know...Y'know, maybe we're-we're just approaching this all wrong. If you're Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you'd go?
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could-could curl your toes, might just be the one who...
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
...which brings us back, of course, to Greely's theory of dominance. Okay, that-that's all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
I know, I know. I shouldn't have waited 'till now to say it, but I'm.. That was stupid, okay? I'm sorry, but I'm telling you now. I love you. Do not get on this plane.
You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me?
Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Wait, wait a minute, there's no light on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? Ah, oh, ah! Ah! The same thing happened again!
It's like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me feel like I earned it.
Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by Joey checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet. .
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She's an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Here's a question: "Would you...would you rather drown or be burnt alive?"
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I'm the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I'll go up there and defend it myself! And don't you follow me!
Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he's so cheap, he'd never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough?
Well I, that's the thing, I don't know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let's just enjoy..."
Look at you! What-You're-you're this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you're gonna be an incredible mother.
So? Sure! But it-it wouldn't be anything romantic. And I'm-I'm dating Mona-Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- Sorry. Sorry.
yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-a-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God!
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.
All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. 13.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and dammit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. Thanks Joey.
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Wait hold on Tony, hold on. Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
I'm, I'm sorry you didn't get to go to Spacecamp, and I'm hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it. Presenting Sarah Tuttle's Private Very Special Spacecamp!!
I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation, ok? I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm sitting in the seats like some chump! . Oh! My God! You're breathtaking!
And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already too big. Which is ironic considering their stunted cerebral development.
Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited.
Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!
Oh, and also, he's, he's walkin' kind of funny, his left leg is moving a lot faster than his right leg, and he's in there just sort of y'know...
All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a surprise!!
What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evidently he wants someone named Fran to spank him harder.
Because it's a special hat. See he bought it 'cause he was feeling really down one day so he got the hat to cheer himself up, ya know. Now Chandler...
Uhh, naa, no no no, I, I must be thinking of someone else, uh, maybe me. Don't you have some folding to do? Go fold dear. Fold. You fold.
Yeah. But you know what? I think you should give Joey a chance. I mean, he's a great guy, and sure he doesn't know that much about art but you know, you can always talk about that with someone else.
Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder?
Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.
Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? This blue suit, or this brown one?
'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
Phoebe, she doesn't know that you sneak out every night, she doesn't know that you sneak back every morning, and she doesn't know that you've been living with your Grandmother's for a week now.
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
My God! These pants are burning up! Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! Are you hot?
Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
Well, I lost. Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S. Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.
Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha... Oh God! So...so hot! Oh my- By the way, you don't want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.
Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
I don't know. But, you know, we, we have a lot in common, you know. He plays piano; I played keyboards in college. He's been divorced; I have some experience in that area.
Okay, look, we have nineteen minutes. Okay, Chandler, I want you to go and change! Okay. And then, when you come back, Joey will go change, and he'll have vacated the chair. Okay. Okay.
It's not a big deal? Oh, I'm sorry I just...um, I...what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like-you-you can't stop thinking about her. Like how you can't sleep?
Okay, is everybody clear? We're gonna pick it up...and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We're gonna lift the car...and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. Call Joanna. Hi.
So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh? I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don't have to sell those cookies anymore.
Yeah. Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn't matter. I mean, I think it would've happened either way. I mean if you hadn't initiated it I-I-I know I would've.
I don't know, but I.. Look, even if she shoots me down, at least I won't spend the rest of my life wondering what would have happened. Where - where is my coat?!
I'm not proving anything. Okay, I'm done listening to you. If I hadn't let you talk me into going to the airport in the first place, I never would've put my fist through the wall!
Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great. 'Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know. Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
You know what, it's, it's better this way anyway. I mean I don't know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It's just much easier if we're just friends who have a kid.
Well, oh, I'm sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I'm a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?
I don't think so! You're just giving me Ruth so you'll get to name it when it's a boy, and that's when you'll swoop in and name him Heath or Blaine or Sequoia.
Yes there will. Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you've just been bumped up to table one. And if it's all right with you I'm gonna take your place at table six-Martin Clickclocken.
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I'm getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Ohh, Geller's got one hooked! Ohh! Looks like a big one! Yeah, ohh! Ohh! It's the classic struggle between man and- Someone knocked over a lamp.
Ooh, I, I'm so sick of missing stuff. Ya know, I want him for more than, than a day, I want him for a whole weekend. No listen , I mean, I feel like-
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby... and I, I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defence is comin' right at me.
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
No, it's not just 'cause I'm jealous. I mean I'm not, I'm not, I'm not jealous, okay? It's... Look, the guy, he screamed, he actually screamed at this couple sitting in our seats.
Fine! It's your life! I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. DON'T DO IT!!!!!
Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.
If like the four of us could all y'know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily's coming into town this weekend, why don't you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this. Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.
Yeah, yeah, I was watching. Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next?
Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating.
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she'd have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
It was soo not an accident. She saw I was about to tag her, so she threw her big fat grandma arm elbow right into my face. And just keep running.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. My God, think of the massacre.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
Yeah, I still don't know. I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, "Come here to me!"
I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids.
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, ho, ho, ho, you did not win the game, the touchdown didn't count, because of the spectacularly illegal, oh and by the way savage nose breaking.
Well I...I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass!
Oh! Wow! Uh, yeah! That sounds great. I'm just gonna put this back in my pocket, pretend that didn't happen. Uh yeah, actually I'm free now. Do you wanna grab some coffee or...
That's a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to...to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here-but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye!
What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
He is saving your butt, ah, unless of course I'm stepping on some toes here, in which case I can just mosey on, I've got plenty of people to help on the Interstate.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
Well, yeah, kinda. Um, but that's okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people, so I'm allowed to sleep with you. No, no, no, it's flattery.
So is everybody here? I got here a little early myself. Let us begin. Now, the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations. Here. Here. Now as for the hydrosaurs...
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. a-weema-way, a-weema-way.....
Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics... you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week-
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
Hello? Hey Mon, how's the packing going? Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! Get your head of your shirt there son! What? Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not that I'm keeping score or anything... five!
Well uh, y'know what? Even if she doesn't know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn't live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself.
Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
Unless... You anticipated that I would figure all this out and you know that it actually is a girl, and you really do want her to be named Ruth! Well, I'm not falling for that! Okay? Ruth is off the table!
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y'know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I... I won't play anymore.
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, he's really good looking. What am I gonna do?
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Joey come-I can't believe-I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature's most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
...and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it's collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it's predator. Yes Mr. Lewis?
It was 5:30 in the morning, and you had rambled on for 18 pages. Front and back!! Oh-oh-oh, and by the way, Y-O-U-apostrophe-R-E means 'you are,' Y-O-U-R means 'your!'
Well, it was loong. I didn't even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o'clock shadow on her head. Anyway, she didn't want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone?
Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". An option that many of my students use. Shall we?
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
I dont know whether hes testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, "supposedly" by accident.
She was blonde? Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years.
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
Well we-we don't know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that's uh, that's all for today. Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Little girl misses her cat. Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
No, because she hasn't come home yet. And she hasn't been home all night! She's obviously staying with that other guy, and I'm the stupid moron who spent the whole night outside her apartment!
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Ah, yeah, yeah. Umm, we started talking after she y'know, did her thing. And it turns out she's got a boy about Ben's age, so we're taking them to a gym-boree class. Why, is that okay?
Hey-yeah. Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Oh yeah, she's-she's amazing. And-and she's so much fun. And! Y'know what? When I'm with her, I'm fun! I even signed up for helicopter classes. She's leaving in two days, I don't have to do it.
When we first met her, she was soaking, her feet were wet! Who wouldn't be miserable? I'm telling you when I got her into a dry pair of shoes, she was a totally different person.
He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
No-no-no, I'm saying we-we buy more of this at the gift shop, throw our tuxes back on, and take a few pictures. All we have to do is make sure not to get anybody else's faces.
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents.
I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee house smiled at me.And then the other day on the subway a woman "accidentally" sat on my hand.
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if...if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves.
Yeah, I guess I should. Man, y'know what I have to realize? Maybe I'm just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y'know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
....right? Right? I mean it's pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back. Y'know I don't, I don't need them, huh, I've got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.
Okay look, there's nothing to worry about. We have plenty of time. There's a great baby furniture store on west 10th. Tomorrow, we will go there and we will get you everything that you need. Okay?
She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth.
Look, I... Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before."
Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that's right. That's right, JUMBO with a U, sir. No, belive me, you don't want me. Judging by his number, I'd be a huge disappointment. All rightie, bye bye.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize, whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of the reasons I got into the field.
That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to jeopardize our friendship, so we kinda made a pact, that neither of us could ask you out!
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
Y'know, okay. You're right. It is huge. So why don't we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he's sweeping.
Listen, listen. Whoever you pick is gonna walk down the aisle with you! Now, I promise I won't say a word, but if you pick Chandler he's gonna be whispering stupid jokes in your ear the whole time!
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Ok, gentlemen! Please! Aren't we a little old for this? I mean, we're scientists, right? We're academics. And most importantly I... you-you will have to catch us first. . GO, GO, GO!
Well, I was with Carol for like eight years and I lost her. And now if it's possible I think I love you even more. So, it's hard for me to believe that I'm not gonna, well that someone else is not going to take you away.
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs.
Can we, can we just stop for a second? Who said something better would come along, huh? You didn't believe me. I told you everything was gonna work out. You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest.
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Oh, I know. Y'know what, I never would've gotten this if it weren't for you. No really, when I'm with you I'm-I'm like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Hey I'm sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I've got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, 'Fun Aunt' Rachel, so...
No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
Filming Rachel is not something I planned. Okay look, here's what happened, and Joey you-you can back me up on this. All right, about-about a month and a half ago I came to you with a problem? Umm, a personal thing.
I'm an idiot. I mean shoulda seen it, I mean Carol and I'd be out and she'd, she'd see some beautiful woman, and, and she'd be Ross y'know look at her, and I'd think, God, my wife is cool!
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! That's right!!
Well then we'd be in a lot of trouble, you don't know where any countries are. Okay. Uh, say would you umm... Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have opened up?
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
He couldn't even tell me! He said it was just some sort of skin... abnormality. And the worst thing is he-he-he said, he said, without being able to identify it, he was reluctant to remove it.
Uh, y'know what? I'll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal's office wearing nothing but a catcher's mitt!
I was having a little chat with ah, Bonnie, and ah, guess what, she-she happened to bring up y'know, who was behind the um, whole head shaving idea, and now, who was it? Oh, that's right, that's right, it was you!
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Hey, y'know what's weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you're gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That's weird isn't it?
Don't listen to your mother. You're independent, and you always have been! Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine! And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket.
This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks.
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
No, um, see 'cause that, that is, that is the staging area. If you go in there, it'll ruin the whole illusion of the party. Yeah, I think you take your scotch back in there and I will get your cigarettes for you sir.
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I have to say, I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart. I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley or C3PO?
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
You've really crossed the line here, but that's okay, it's ok 'cause I'm on my way to buy some Photoshop software and a stack of gay porn. That's right! Your coming out is about to get real graphic.
No Mum, I'm not dead. I know it's not something to kid about. It was just a practical joke between Chandler and me, but it's over, ok? Actually no, even if I had died, you would not be left childless. Monica?
Dad that won't matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.
Everyone gets a goodbye but me? What have I got to do to get a goodbye, huh? Be best friends with you? Uh, go out with you? Have a baby with you? Oh wait a minute, wait a minute, I did all those things.
Ok, then you're gonna have to understand that you're with a guy who's not gonna stop planning his future with you because he knows that we're gonna end up together and if that scares you, tough, 'cause you're gonna have to deal with that.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you. Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head.
Yes, it was the trophy you got if you won the game. But our Dad said, 'nobody won that game, ' and he was sick of our fighting, so he took the trophy and.... threw it in the lake.
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That's uh-ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I'll be right back! Okay? This is so nice, I'm-I am so...
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it's my sister. But, uh, uh y'know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Really?! Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Well I don't know umm, what if we were too tie each other up? Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
Wha-? Oh, come on. You didn't have to-saltwater taffy?! Thanks! This is interesting. You know, most people think this is made with sea water, but it's actually made with, uh, salted fresh water. That's not interesting.
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call unagi.
Naa. A while ago I got a sah out of him, which I thought, ya know, might turn into sah-condary caregiver but... Hey, would you uh, would you hold him for a sec, 'cause I, I gotta take this off.
Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it's-it's so great. But at the same time I'm thinking, "Well, I'm gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do-
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, and, and....
Come here, here, come here, come here, Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend's mother.
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this. And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. But I'll still always come back, like this.
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a seahorse. Because with seahorses it's the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I'd be far away in the sea.
I tell you one thing, I wouldn't mind having a piece of this sun-dried tomato business. Five years ago, if somebody had said to me, here's a tomato that looks like a prune, I'd say "get out of my office!"
Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
Uhm no! Think less of you! No, I don't think less of you. I mean, you saw someone you liked and you kissed them. I mean, those people who like someone and don't kiss them... those-those people are stupid, I hate those people.
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!!
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. A concept lost on some people!
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
No! No! Look-Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Well, I was just playing with him, and y'know we were doing the alphabet song, which he used to be really good at, but suddenly he's leaving out 'e' and 'f.' It's like they just ah, I don't know, fell out of his head.
Yeah, I'm just gonna grab my coat. And uh, and my whip. Y'know because of the Indiana Jones? Not-not because I'm-I'm into S&M. I'm not-I'm not into anything weird. Y'know? Just-just normal sex. So, I'm gonna grab my coat.
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Here they come, here they come. Oh-ho, if she kisses him goodnight, I'm gonna kill myself, I swear. I can't, I can't watch this. Come on, date over! Date over! Uh-oh, here we go, she's going in.
Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby. Yeah, they think they can charge me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming. Hey! My sweater! I've been looking for this for like a month!
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Because he called here looking for you. So don't tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing,ok? You've been out there in bars and on balconies for over a month now. And you didn't even have the courtesy to tell me.
Right! Right! I just-I want you to know that I'm going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor's appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment-Although we could probably worry about that 'til after we get married.
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
Ok, we were sitting over there playing on the floor and he grabs the table and he pulls himself up. He pulled himself up. Standing man. I'm sorry you guys missed it but I did tape it so it you guys want to see it.
Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer.
No!! Y'know-y'know don't do me any favours. In fact, where, where's the rest of my stuff?! Huh? Like-like my umm, Hey, this book is mine!! And-and-and, and that T-shirt you sleep in? I'd like that back too. Yes, I do.
Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Well, as much as I'd like to meet Josh and warn him, Emily and I aren't going to be here. All right? I mean, she's going to come by first to say good-bye, and then I've got a whole special evening planned. So I'm sorry, no party.
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
So do I. Okay Rach, before anything happens I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." Okay? I just want this to be about what it is!
Okay! Okay! But if she doesn't call, it is definitely over! No, wait. Wait. Unless, eventually, I call her, y'know just to she what's going on, and, and she says she'll call me back, but then she doesn't. Then it's over.
Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six!
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Hi... There she is. Hi Emma. Oh my God, I missed you. Oh Emma, I missed you so much. Hey... Did you have a good time with grandma Green? Huh? Did she give you a bottle of anti-depressants again to use as a rattle?
But you didn't! I'm still alive!! Kori, I know this is a big surprise for you. It's a long story but the things you just said really made my day! I mean, the fact that you are here means more to me than if this room were filled with people!
Oh-oh yeah, you-you came up to me and asked if I could do you a favor, and my Uncle Murray came up to you and handed you a check. And then you said, "Why do they call it a check? Why not a Yugoslavian?" Yeah, then you did that.
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
We are having a baby together, but we're not involved. I mean, uh we-we were seeing each other a while ago, but then we were just friends. And then there was one drunken night. Or, yes stranger, we'd like this delivered please.
Oh, I'm actually on my way to tell her right now. Yeah, she's been away all week visiting her parents, but she'll be cool. I mean, she's been so supportive. She-she even got the baby a tiny T-shirt that says, 'Fossils are my friends.'
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? Well-
No, no, I don't wanna put it off, I just, God I just, I spent last year being so unbelievably miserable, ya know, and now, now I'm actually happy. You know, I mean, really happy. I just, I just don't wanna, I don't wanna mess it up, ya know.
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for Like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard was "My friend Susan is so smart. My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
No. Man I don't wanna have to have Joey with me every time I wanna descent cup of coffee. Ya know, and I don't wanna spend the rest of my life drinking cappucino with a 'K'. I say you and I go back down there and stand up to those guys.
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .
Hi! Hi, I'm Ross, you don't know me, but I'm a big, big fan of yours. I mean, Blue Velvet, woo-oo hoo! Um, I was wondering if I could um, maybe buy you a cup of coffee? Or maybe reimburse you for that one?
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi!
Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Hi, um, Im err, Im Ross Geller, and err ah... ..thats, thats my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this... is Susan Bunch. Susan is um Carols, just, com... ..whos next?
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, "If you accept full responsibility..." Full responsibility! "...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. Does it?!!"
Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Oh what's the big deal?! I wasn't even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y'know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we'll-we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Y'know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep!
All right. A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. That's it? Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! And what is, and what is all this?! The official rulebook of Fireball.
Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Okay, you're in bed. She's over on your side, cuddling. Now you wait for her to drift off, and then you hug her and roll her back over to her side of the bed. And then you rollll a-way. Hug for her! Roll for you.
Here we go. Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Look, I-I don't want to miss anymore baby stuff. So...Here. Here's my new pager number, okay? Anytime anything pregnancy related happens use it! I'll be there! Okay? I don't care if it's three in the morning and all you want is ice cream.
Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the crier in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she won't talk with me if it looks like we're deep in converstation. Oh, so that thing you said about the thing. It really made me think about that other thing.
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y'know-y'know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It's here! Yeah, it's right-it's right down here! In the biggest library in the university!
All right, look, look, you've got to do this yourself, okay in person. At least you know her name. You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.
Alright. The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I'm on time! Okay, why don't we all uh, open our books to page 23. Where... Where you will see...a uh...a bunch of uh...red spots. Okay, umm, why don't, why don't you all start to read, while I-
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt...
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace...
Because! Because, it-it-it's... It'd be like you having this guitar and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don't ride it you-you're-you're killing its spirit! The bike is dying.
Look, I didn't want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn't want to either. But I don't, I don't understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
It's just, it's, it's me. You, you know I've only been with one woman my whole life and she turned out to be a lesbian. So now I've got myself all psyched out, you know, and it's become, like this, this thing and I. . . Well, you just must think I'm weird.
Okay, for instance. Let's say, Janice is coming back from a trip and she gives you two options. Option number 1 she'll take a cab home from the airport. Option 2 is you can meet her at baggage claim. Which do you do?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? This isn't right.
No, you've heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I'm not going to tell you what song I'm gonna play either. But uh, let's just say when it's over I'll bet there will be a we bit o' celebration.
Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You'll-you're gonna pick it up. Hey! You will! Uh look, y'know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy's credit card. Do you remember?
Anyway, suddenly I'm down field, and I realise that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See I, I am so not ready to be a father.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we're gonna give her some! Okay, grab...grab some empty boxes. Okay? We'll-we'll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we'll-we'll put 'em in their.
If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriage isn't exactly work out. But I love to be that committed to another person. And Carol had some good times before she became a lesbian... and once afterward. I'm sorry.
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Absolutely. I'm fine! Totally fine. I don't know why it's coming out all loud and squeaky, 'cause really, I'm fine. I'm not saying I wasn't a little surprised to see you guys kissing. I mean, at first I was like.. But now that I've had time to absorb it; Lovin' this.
Okay! Okay. Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.
Hey! All that stuff you said about true love, you were right, I mean, we did learn a lot from Mom and Dad! And that picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin. And what you said about Nana. Ohh, yeah she really would've wanted to be there. And you know what? I think she was.
Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison Avenue. You know what? She loves architecture, you know what you should do? You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt I wish I'd thought this through.
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
No, a car backfired, but I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here...
All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory the team would never have identified the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point? Yes.
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" I kinda scared myself.
What, now you're not even taking to me? Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey!
O is for "oh, wow!" The V is for this very surprising turn of events, which I'm still fine with by the way. E is for how extremely normal I find it. That you two are together. And now one day you might get married and have children of your own.
Yeah, didn't I mention that? Yeah, I mean, we haven't being going out for too long, but rather there is thisamazing connection between us. I-I mean, in fact just before you came in she called me her boyfriend. I thought it wasa little too soon, but it was also, you know, it was kinda nice.
Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Oh, no, no, no, I will! I just want to butter her up, first! You know, I'm going to take her to an amazing Valentine's dinner. Do all this romantic stuff, and then, just when she thinks I'm the best boyfriend in the world, then I'm going to tell her that my pregnant ex-girlfriend is living with me.
You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break theice with some kind of jokes so that they know you're the funny one and I swoop in with some interesting conversation, sothey'll see that I'm the brilliant, brooding, sexy one...
It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom... playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy?
Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there will be an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah! That'll be the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious questions about my work!
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y'know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was-if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn't kidding, she's not fun, she's stupid, and kind of a racist.
Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Alright, ok, let's do it. Uhm, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... uhm, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic era, the breakup of Pangea, hello! And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic.
Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben.
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It's All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. Okay, somebody call it this time.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You knowI...I've been putting my life on hold and just concentrating on Emma but if she wants to go out there kissing guys shebarely knows, then so will I ! Very funny! Ross is gay! Ah! Ah!
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Yeah, that way I figure, ya know, we'll be far enough away from our parents that we don't have to see them all the time but close enough that they can come over and babysit whenever we want. And yes, I know, the taxes are a little higher than, let's say, Nassau county but the school system's supposedly great.
Ugh. Well, we're just gonna have to jump. Yeah. Now, we're gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there...you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my speech! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! This babies will get you into all the paleontology lectures and seminars.
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend...Phyllis...take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin... ...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa! Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.
Oh, well, I, I guess it musta been the day after you were born. We were in the hospital room, your mother was asleep, and they brought you in and gave you to me. You were this ugly little red thing, and all of a sudden you grabbed my finger with your whole fist. And you squeezed it, so tight. And that's when I knew.
Eh..actually no, I don't need to because your little "Ross is dead" joke didn't work, ok, there were no responses. Nobody posted anything on the website, nobody called my parents, so the joke my friend is on you. Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that I'm dead. Oh my God! Nobody cares that I'm dead!?
Well, with everything that's been going on lately, I haven't exactly been the perfect boyfriend. You know, I, uh, I didn't tell her I got Rachel pregnant. I gave her a key to my apartment, and then had the locks changed! And then I lied to her about Rachel moving in with me. In a way, I actually judge her for not breaking up with me sooner, you know?
How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. . I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones... fossils!
Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say goodbye to five people. Uh, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, good... IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE. You know what? After all we've been through, I can't believe this is how you want to leave things between us. Have a, have a good time in Paris.
Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me Cheers.
Say something clever! Okay, doesn't have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. Any words will do. Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! I-I, I uh haven't had sex in a very long time. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said anything.
Look, we've been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby. It's just if-if we got together again and it didn't work out...I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything- Oh that's...now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we're doing really, we're doing really well right now.
Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as 'Laser Floyd' was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes! That's when it occurred to me, the key to my success, 'The Munchies.' So I ah, started hitting the new dorms around midnight. I am selling cookies by the case. They call me 'Cookie Dude!'
Y'know what? I-I'm not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay--Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don't love me and you never did! Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I'll be right with you. Don't make this worse and I'll give you a C. Shall we?
Okay, come on! Daddy needs a new pair of electromagnetic microscopes for the Prehistoric Forensics Department! Okay. Take Pinky Tuscadero up to Inspiration Point, collect three cool points!! Yeah! Which gives me five, and let's see who is gonna lose their clothes. Ummmm, I think I pick our strip poker sponsor Mr. Joey Tribianni.
Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can't decide between the two of them. Y'know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she's a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y'know she's, well she's-she's just as pretty, I guess she's smart, she's not fun.
Hey, it'll grow back, right? And she-she's really fun, and she's cool, and-and I'm finally moving on. Y'know? I mean getting over Rachel was so , y'know? Y'know, and I'm finally feeling sane again. And now if I go up there, and-and I kiss her, and, Gooood I wanna kiss her, and-and-and it doesn't work out, right? Do I really wanna put myself through that again?
Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn't be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica's older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! What? I'm-I'm-I'm serious! Come-Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I'm-I'm not kidding here!
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the boit'sit's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me...
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? Look, I, I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much.
Dad...dad, please! As I was saying umm, I'm Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I'm the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she's the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you'd all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we're here to celebrate. To the Bings.
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who's-who's to say? Does that me we-we can't do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn't it?
She's your cousin. She's your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she'd think you were sick! Or would she? Let's back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan's Run, the sexiest movie ever. Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I'm going in.
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y'know? Say-say they're coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they're laughing, y'know, someone innocently touches someone else... There's electricity, it's new. It's exciting. Are you telling me there isn't even the slightest possibility of something happening?
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousand years or so then you can - you can just throw most of our assumptions, you know, right in the trash. So-so what I am saying is - is is that is that the repercussions could be huge! I mean, not just in palaeontology, but if-if you think about it, in evolutionary biology, uh, genetics, geology, uh, I mean, truly the mind boggles!
Now, hold on! Hold on! Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
It's just I always thought when I had another kid it would be different. Now I-I love Ben, but every time I have to drop him off at Carol and Susan's, it's like-It breaks my heart a little. I mean I've always had this picture of me and my next wife in bed on Sunday and, my kid comes running in and leaps up onto the bed. And we all read the paper together. Y'know? Maybe fight over the science section.
Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all buried in peoples coats. Well, I went to kiss her on the forehead, you know. But it was so dark, I accidentally got her lips. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y'know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. I'm Ross! I'm divorced, and I have a kid!
Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons. Ross: What did you get?
I mean, there's no point in spending time with someone if-if it's just fun. It's gotta be, it's gotta be going somewhere right? So where-where is it going? Ah! That's-that's the real question. And-and the answer is...is it's going somewhere...fun. Now I-I know what you're thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y'know, but you're-you're not getting any younger. No I mean-No not you, not you, you-you are getting younger. I mean-you-you look like you're getting younger by the second-What's your secret?
Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? About paleontology. All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression...
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
A pigeon, a pigeon. No, no wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the apartment.
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? Ask again later. Later is not good enough. Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
And that's why, no matter what mommy says, we really were on a break. Yes we were! Yes we were! Come here gorgeous. Oh! Look at you! You are the cutest little baby ever! You're just a... a little bitty baby, you know that? But you've got... You've got big beautiful eyes... Yes you do... and a... and a big round belly. Big baby butt! I like big butts. I like big butts and I cannot lie / you other brothers can't deny / when a girl walks in with an itty, bitty, waist / and a round thing in your face you get... Oh my God, Emma... you're laughing! Oh my God, you've never done that before, have you? You never done that before... Daddy made you laugh, huh? Well, daddy and Sir Mix Alot... What? What? You... you wanna hear some more? Uhm... My anaconda don't want none / unless you got buns hon... I'm a terrible father!
