Shut up, Joey!
Yeah!
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Eldad, this is Rachel.
Y'know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star.
Alright, what was this sentence originally?
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Oh my God, she's not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us?
But I insist!
I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
What?! I thought he'd love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!
Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
What the hell is that dog doing here?!
She's bluffing!
Why would they think they're invited?
But she liked us.
Phoebe, good work.
It might be kinda cool.
Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you'll know it's mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there's a very noticeable rip.
I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
I had to go with the odds Rach.
What do you mean?
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Okay.
Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look-I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
The Luisa from home room!
Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
So, Chandler, who's on your list?
It's so weird, how did Joey end up kissing Charlie last night? I thought you'd end up kissing Charlie.
Hey, where is everybody?
Uh-oh, what's the matter?
It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
I swear you said you had the keys.
Could you not look?
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? Nice talk, Aunt Syl. You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye...? That slayed me.
Yeah?
Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Sounds like she's got the ah, whole package.
Well... obviously!
Okay. Sorry.
